

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-20-224715
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		133
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20200625
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200819
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200819
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANFILIPPO JOHN B & SON INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000880117
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				362419677
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0628
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19681
		FILM NUMBER:		201117282
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1703 N. RANDALL ROAD
		CITY:			ELGIN
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60123-7820
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-289-1800
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1703 N. RANDALL ROAD
		CITY:			ELGIN
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60123-7820















60% - 85% of base
60% - 95% of base
60% - 85% of base
60% - 85% of base
60% - 85% of base
The decrease in net sales was primarily attributable to a 3.3% decrease in weighted average selling price per pound
WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549 



June 25
 



JOHN B. SANFILIPPO &amp; SON
 INC.













(Address of Principal Executive Offices
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
 including area code: 















 $.01 par value per share



Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 during the preceding 12&#160;months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; and &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; in 
















































If an emerging growth company
790
314

 2019 (8
623
183 shares at $91.65 per share).
 2020

822


597

 $.01 par value (&#8220;Class&#160;A Stock&#8221;)
 were outstanding. The Class&#160;A Stock is convertible at the option of the holder at any time and from time to time (and
 upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation
Portions of the registrant&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held October&#160;28
John B. Sanfilippo&#160;&amp; Son


 the terms &#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;us&#8221;
 &#8220;our&#8221; or &#8220;Company&#8221; refer collectively to John B. Sanfilippo&#160;&amp; Son
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC. Our fiscal year ends on the final Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists of 





References herein to fiscal 2021 are to the fiscal year ending June&#160;24
 2021. 





References herein to fiscal 2020
 fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 are to the fiscal years ended June&#160;25
 2020
 June&#160;27
 2019 and June&#160;28
 2018
We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts
Fisher
 Orchard Valley Harvest
 Squirrel Brand
 Southern Style Nuts
brand names and under a variety of private brands. We also market and distribute
 and in most cases
 manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 cashew butter
 candy and confections
 snack and trail mixes
 snack bites
 sunflower kernels
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 chickpea snacks
Information about us
 including our code of ethics

10-Q
 are provided as a convenience and do not constitute
 and should not be viewed as
 an incorporation by reference of the information contained on
 or available through
 the website. Therefore
Our headquarters and executive offices are located at 1703 North Randall Road
 Elgin
 Illinois 60123

We operate in a single reporting unit and operating segment that consists of selling various nut and nut related products through three distribution channels. See Part II
 Item&#160;8 &#8212; &#8220;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&#8221; for our net sales
Fisher
 Orchard Valley Harvest
 Squirrel Brand
 Southern Style Nuts
brand names and manufacture and distribute numerous private brands as well. Through a deliberate strategy of focused capital expenditures and complementary acquisitions
 we have built a generally vertically integrated nut processing operation that enables us to control almost every step of the process for pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
 including procurement from growers
 shelling
 processing
 packaging and marketing. Vertical integration allows us to enhance product quality and
 in most crop years
 purchase inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts at lower costs as opposed to purchasing these nut meats from other shellers. We believe that our generally vertically integrated business model typically works to our advantage in terms of cost savings and provides us with better insight into crop development. Our generally vertically integrated model
 however
 can under certain circumstances result in reduced earnings or losses. See Part I
 recipe nuts as the leading brand in the category
in the produce section of many retailers
significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient users and contract packaging customers. Selling through multiple distribution channels allows us to generate multiple revenue opportunities for the nuts we process. For example
 brand
 and pecan pieces could be sold to commercial ingredient users. We process and sell all major nut types consumed in the United States
 including peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts and almonds (our major nut types) in a wide variety of innovative packaging
Our principal products are raw and processed nuts. These products accounted for approximately 74%
 78% and 79% of our gross sales for fiscal 2020
 fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018
 respectively. The nut product line includes almonds
 pecans
 peanuts
 black walnuts
 English walnuts
 cashews
 macadamia nuts
 pistachios
 pine nuts
 Brazil nuts and filberts. Our nut products are sold in numerous package styles and sizes and we offer our nut products in a variety of different styles and seasonings. We sell our products domestically to retailers and wholesalers as well as to commercial ingredient and contract packaging customers. We also sell certain of our products to foreign customers in the retail
 contract packaging and commercial ingredient markets. For more information about our revenues in our various distribution channels
 see Part II
We acquire all of our peanuts and walnuts directly from domestic growers. The majority of our pecans are acquired from domestic growers with the remainder acquired from growers in Mexico. We purchase the balance of our raw nuts from importers
We manufacture and market peanut butter in several sizes and varieties. We also market and distribute
 and in many cases process and manufacture
 a wide assortment of other food and snack products. These other products include snack mixes
 salad toppings
 snacks
 snack bites
 trail mixes
 dried fruit and chocolate and yogurt coated products sold to retailers and wholesalers; baking ingredients sold to retailers
 wholesalers
 and commercial ingredient customers; bulk food products sold to retail and commercial ingredient users; an assortment of sunflower kernels
 pepitas
 snack mixes
 almond butter
 cashew butter
 candy and confections
 corn snacks
 chickpea snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products sold to retail supermarkets
We sell our products to approximately 275 customers through the consumer
 products
 including consumer-packaged and bulk products
 to retailers including supermarket chains
 wholesalers
 supercenters
 internet retailers and other retail outlets
 across the United States. We sell products through the consumer channel under our brand names
 including the 
Orchard Valley Harvest
 Squirrel Brand
 brands
 products to other manufacturers to use as ingredients in their final food products such as bakery
 confection
 cereal and ice cream
 products that are customized to the specifications of chefs
 national restaurant chains
 foodservice distributors
 fast food chains
We are dependent on a few significant customers for a majority of our total net sales
 Stores
 Inc. accounted for approximately 33% of our net sales for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 and 30% of our net sales for fiscal 2018. Net sales to Target Corporation accounted for approximately 12% of our net sales for fiscal 2020
 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2019 and 13% our net sales for fiscal 2018. Net sales to PepsiCo
We market our products through our own sales department and through a network of approximately 60 independent brokers and various independent distributors and suppliers
 snack and baking products
Orchard Valley Harvest
 products
Marketing strategies are developed for each distribution channel and focus primarily on branded products. Branded consumer efforts concentrate on building brand awareness
 developing
 identifying and introducing new products
 attracting new customers
 increasing distribution and increasing consumption in the snack nut
 recipe nut and produce categories. Private brand and commercial ingredient channel efforts are focused on category management
 new product identification and introduction
A significant portion of our branded marketing efforts are focused on consumer promotional campaigns that include advertisements (e.g.
 social media
 magazine
 newspaper
 internet and television)
 brand typically include sponsorships of chef influencers and professional sports franchises. Additionally
 shipper display units are utilized in retail stores in an effort to gain additional temporary product placement and to drive sales volume. We work with third-party information agencies
 such as Information Resources
 Inc. (&#8220;IRi&#8221;)
 to monitor the effectiveness of our marketing and measure product growth
Commercial ingredient trade promotion typically includes periodically attending regional and national trade shows
 marketing. These promotional efforts highlight our processing capabilities
 broad product portfolio
Through participation in several trade associations
 funding of industry research and sponsorship of educational programs
 we support efforts to increase awareness of the health benefits
Our nuts and other snack food products compete against products manufactured and sold by numerous other companies in the snack food industry
 some of whom are substantially larger and have greater resources than us. In the nut industry
 we compete with
 among others
 The Kraft Heinz Company (Planters brand) and numerous regional snack food processors. We also compete with the Diamond brand
 among others. Competitive factors in our markets include price
 product quality
 customer service
 breadth of product line
 brand name awareness
 method of distribution and sales promotion. The combination of our generally vertically integrated operating model with respect to pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
 our product quality
 product offering
 brand strength
 innovation
 distribution model and our focus on nut and nut related products generally enable us to compete in each of these categories
 but there can be no guarantee that our products will continue to be competitive with many of our larger competitors. See Part I
We purchase nuts from domestic and foreign sources. In fiscal 2020
 all of our walnuts
 almonds and peanuts were purchased from domestic sources. We purchase our pecans from the southern United States and Mexico. Cashew nuts are imported from Vietnam and certain West African countries. For fiscal 2020
Competition in the nut shelling industry is driven by shellers&#8217; ability to access and purchase raw nuts
 to shell the nuts efficiently and to sell the nuts to processors. We shell all major domestic nut types
 with the exception of almonds
 and are among a few select shellers who further process
 Raw material pricing pressure and the high cost of equipment automation have previously contributed to a consolidation among shellers across all nut types
We are generally vertically integrated with respect to pecans
 peanuts and walnuts and
 unlike our major consumer distribution channel competitors who purchase nuts on the open market
 we purchase a substantial portion of our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers. However
 there are risks associated with vertical integration
 such as susceptibility to market price volatility for pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. See Part I
Due
 in part
 to the seasonal nature of the industry
 we maintain significant inventories of peanuts
 pecans and walnuts at certain times of the year
 especially in the second and third quarters of our fiscal year. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts and walnuts and other nuts may affect the value of our inventory and thus may also affect our gross profit and gross profit margin. See Part I
Until July 2017
 we had purchased some of our packaging and labels from a related party. We purchase other inventory items such as roasting oils
 seasonings
 plastic jars
 labels
 bags
 composite and clear-plastic cans and other packaging materials from other third parties. Material costs
 including tree nuts
 peanuts
We market our products primarily under name brands
Fisher
 Orchard Valley Harvest
 Squirrel Brand
Fisher
 Orchard Valley Harvest
 Squirrel Brand
are registered as trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as well as in various other foreign jurisdictions. We do not own any trademarks for any private brands
 which are owned by the respective private brand customer. Our trademarks are important as they provide our customers with information about the quality of our products. However
 registration and use of our trademarks in foreign jurisdictions may be subject to certain risks in addition to other risks generally related to our intellectual property. See Part I
As of June&#160;25
 2020
 we had approximately 1
370 full-time employees
Our business is seasonal. Demand for peanut and tree nut products is highest during the last four months of the calendar year. Peanuts
 pecans and walnuts
 three of our principal raw materials
 are primarily purchased between September and February and are processed throughout the year until the following harvest. As a result of this seasonality
Because the time between order and shipment is usually less than three weeks
The sale of food products for human consumption involves the risk of injury to consumers as a result of product contamination or spoilage
 including the presence of shell fragments
 foreign objects
 insects
 foreign substances
 pathogens
 chemicals
 aflatoxin and other hazards
 agents or residues introduced during the growing
 storage
 handling or transportation phases. We (i)&#160;maintain what we believe to be rigid quality control standards and food safety systems that is evident in our Safe Quality Food (&#8220;SQF&#8221;) certification at each manufacturing facility
 (ii)&#160;generally inspect our nut and other food products by visual examination
 screening
 metal detectors or electronic monitors at various stages of our shelling and processing operations
 (iii)&#160;work with the United States Department of Agriculture (&#8220;USDA&#8221;) in its inspection of peanuts shipped to and from our peanut shelling facilities
 (iv)&#160;maintain robust environmental pathogen programs
 (v)&#160;seek to comply with the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act by labeling each product that we sell with labels that disclose the nutritional value and content of each of our products and (vi)&#160;assure compliance with the United States Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;) Food Safety Modernization Act (&#8220;FSMA&#8221;) through our comprehensive Food Safety Plans which include following Current Good Manufacturing Practices and control biological
 chemical and physical hazards through our Process
 Sanitation
 Allergen and Supply Chain Preventative Controls; however
 no assurance can be given that some nut or other food products sold by us may not contain or develop harmful substances. In order to mitigate this risk
We face a number of significant risks and uncertainties
 and therefore
 an investment in our Common Stock is subject to risks and uncertainties. The factors described below could materially and adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. While each risk is described separately
 some of these risks are interrelated and it is possible that certain risks could trigger the applicability of other risks described below. Also
 the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or risks we view as not rising to the level of being material
 could also potentially impair our business
 results of operations and financial condition. Investors should consider the following factors


We Cannot Control the Availability or Cost of Raw Materials and this May Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations
The availability and cost of raw materials for the production of our products
 including peanuts
 pecans
 almonds
 cashews
 walnuts
 pine nuts and other nuts are subject to crop size and yield fluctuations caused by factors beyond our control. These factors include weather conditions
 natural disasters (including floods
 droughts
 frosts
 earthquakes and hurricanes)
 changing climate patterns
 plant diseases
 foreign currency fluctuations
 trade agreements
 tariffs and embargos
 import/export controls
 political change and unrest
 changes in global customer demand
 pandemics and disease
 changes in government agricultural programs
 federal and state government mandates related to the preceding or otherwise and purchasing behavior of certain countries
 including China and India. Additionally
 any determination by the USDA or other government agencies that certain pesticides
 herbicides or other chemicals used by growers have left harmful residues on portions of the crop
Because these raw materials are commodities
 their prices are set by the market and can therefore fluctuate quickly and dramatically due to varied events
 such as those described above. Furthermore
 we are not able to hedge against changes in nut commodity prices because no appropriate futures
 derivative or other risk-sharing market for these commodities exists and we cannot create such a market. Consequently
 in order to achieve or maintain profitability levels
 we attempt to increase the prices of our products to reflect the increase in the costs of the raw materials that we use and sell. However
 we may not be successful in passing along partial or full price increases to our customers
 if at all. In addition
 even if we are successful in passing across partial or full price increases
 we may not be able to do so in a timely fashion. Our ability to raise prices and the timing of any price increases is often dependent upon the actions of our competitors
 some of whom are significantly larger and more diversified than we are or own farms which produce the raw materials. Additionally
 any such product price increase that we are able to pass along to our customers may ultimately reduce the demand for
 and sales of
 our products as customers reduce purchases or buy lower priced products. Alternatively
 if the prices of any raw materials significantly decrease
 and we have inventories of such materials on hand
 we may be unable to reduce product prices without impacting our gross margin. Any competitors who purchase such material on the open market or own the farms which produce the raw materials may be able to reduce prices in a more timely manner
 and we could lose market share to such competitors. Any one or more of the foregoing aspects may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
Moreover
 fluctuations in the market prices of nuts may affect the value of our inventories
 margins and profitability. We maintain significant inventories of nuts
 and our financial condition could be materially and adversely affected by any significant decrease in the market price of such raw materials. We enter into fixed price commitments with a portion of our commercial ingredient customers and certain other customers. The commitments are for a fixed period of time
 typically three months to twelve months
 but may be extended if remaining balances exist. Such commitments with a term of six months or more represented approximately 4% of our annual net sales in fiscal 2020. Sometimes we enter into fixed price commitments with respect to certain of our nut products before fixing our acquisition costs in order to maintain customer relationships or when
 in management&#8217;s judgment
 market or crop harvest conditions so warrant. To the extent we do so and our fixed prices are not properly aligned with our acquisition costs
 these fixed price commitments may result in reduced or negative gross profit margins
Some customer buying decisions
 including some of our largest customers
 are based upon a periodic bidding process in which the single
 successful bidder is assured the selling of the selected product to the food retailer
 supercenter or mass merchandiser until the next bidding process to the exclusion of other bidders. Our sales volume may decrease significantly if our bids are too high and we lose the ability to sell products through these channels
 even temporarily. Alternatively
successful
 but below our desired price points. In addition
 our margins could be further reduced if commodity prices subsequently rise and customers are unwilling or unable to accept price increases. Should any of our significant customers elect to introduce or expand their private brand programs
 and we do not participate in such programs or the programs directly compete against our branded products
Although demand for private brand snack nut products (and our private brand snack nut products in particular) has increased
 our competitors&#8217; branded snack nut products have certain advantages over our private brand snack nut products primarily due to their advertising strategies
 perceived product attributes
At the retail level
 private brand snack nut products generally sell at a discount to those of branded competitors. If branded competitors reduce the price of their products
 the price of branded snack nut products offered to consumers may approximate the prices of our private brand snack nut products. Further
 promotional activities by branded competitors
 such as temporary price reductions
 retailer credits
 offerings and coupons
 have the same general effect as price decreases. Price decreases initiated by branded competitors could result in a decline in the demand for our private brand snack nut products
In addition
 many of our competitors with significant branded operations have more diversified product offerings among a wider variety of food categories than we have. Such competitors could
 as a result of their size or diversified offerings
 be in a better position to decrease their prices or offer better promotions for their branded snack nut products. If competitors are able to exploit their size or diversification to make significant price reductions and offer better promotions
 it could decrease our private brand snack nut sales
Our financial performance depends in part on our ability to anticipate and offer products to our customers that appeal to their preferences. Consumer preferences
 whether for branded products or private brand products
 or how consumers purchase such products and the quantity or volume sizes of such products
 can quickly change based on a number of factors beyond our control. If we fail to anticipate
 identify or react quickly to these changes and are unable to develop and market new and improved products to meet consumer preferences
 demand for our products could suffer. In addition
 demand for our products could be affected by consumer concerns regarding the labeling
 manner of preparing our products or concerns with respect to the health effects of nutrients or ingredients in any of our products. The development and introduction of new products or alteration of existing products requires substantial research and development
 testing and marketing expenditures
 which we may be unable to recover fully if the new products do not achieve the necessary commercial success. New product introduction also results in increased costs
 including from the use of new manufacturing techniques
 capital expenditures
 new raw materials and ingredients
 revision of packaging and labeling and additional marketing and trade spending. Consumers are also purchasing food products outside traditional retail supermarkets
 including via the Internet. If we are unable to provide our customers with our products outside traditional retail supermarkets
 supercenters and club stores
Our ability to develop
 maintain and continually enhance the value of our Company and our branded products is critical to improving our operating and financial performance and implementing our Strategic Plan. The value of our Company and our branded products is based in large part on the degree to which consumers react and respond positively to our operations and our brands. Positive views of our Company and our brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors
 including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible or reckless manner
 negative perception about the actions or values of our Company
 adverse publicity about our products and Company operations (whether actual or fictitious)
 product recalls or our failure to maintain the quality of our products
 the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences
In addition
 our success in enhancing the value of our Company and our branded products depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment. We increasingly rely on social media and online advertising campaigns as well as advertising outside of traditional print and television channels. Negative posts or comments (whether actual or fictitious) about us or the type of products we produce
 market or sell on online social networks
 product review sites or similar online activity could seriously impact consumer demand for our products. We are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions on how we market and advertise our products. These restrictions may limit our ability to respond as the media and communications environment continues to evolve. If we do not react appropriately
 then our product sales
We have a generally vertically integrated nut processing operation that enables us to control almost every step of the process for pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
 including procurement from growers. Our generally vertically integrated model has in the past resulted
 and may in the future result
 in significant losses because we are subject to the various risks associated with purchasing a majority of our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers
 including the risk of purchasing such products from growers at costs that later
 due to altered market conditions
 prove to be above prevailing market prices at time of sale. Accordingly
 because we purchase a majority of our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers during harvest season and shell and process these nuts throughout our fiscal year
 there is a possibility that
 after we acquire these nuts
 market conditions may change. Depending on these changing market conditions
 we may be forced to sell these nuts at reduced prices relative to our acquisition costs
We operate in a highly competitive environment. The principal areas of competition are
 among others
 brand recognition
 taste
 flavor
 quality
 packaging
 price
 advertising
 promotion
 convenience and service. Our principal products compete against food and snack products manufactured and sold by numerous regional
 national and international companies
 some of which are substantially larger and have greater resources than us
 such as The Kraft Heinz Company (Planters brand). Most of our competitors that sell and market the other top branded snack nut products have committed more financial
 marketing and other resources to such brands when compared to the resources spent by us on our brands. Additionally
 many retail customers have continued to emphasize their own private label offerings as a key part of their strategy and may develop or expand their own private label nut and nut product offerings
 to the exclusion of our branded products. Several other smaller competitors may be able to focus on faster-growing
 niche markets that we are unable to market effectively to or otherwise sell to due to our size and operations. Many of our competitors buy their nuts on the open market and are thus not exposed to the risks of purchasing inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers at fixed prices that later
 due to altered market conditions
 may prove to be above prevailing market prices. We also compete with other shellers in the commercial ingredient market and with regional processors in the retail and wholesale markets. In order to maintain or increase our market share
 we must continue to price our products competitively and spend on marketing
 advertising
 new product innovation and shelf placement and slotting fees
 which may cause a decline in gross profit margin if we are unable to increase sales volume as well as reduce our costs
We are Dependent Upon Certain Significant Customers Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition
We are dependent on a few significant customers for a large portion of our total net sales
 particularly in the consumer channel. Sales to our five largest customers represented approximately 60%
 59% and 60% of net sales in fiscal 2020
 fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018
 respectively. There can be no assurance that all significant customers will continue to purchase our products in the same quantities
 same product mix or on the same terms as in the past
 particularly as increasingly powerful retailers demand lower pricing
 different packaging
 larger marketing support
 payments for retail space
 establish private brands or request other terms of sale which negatively impact our profitability. Many of our largest customers emphasize sales at physical locations and a significant shift to Internet sales may impact the amount and types of products they purchase from us. A loss of one of our largest customers
 a material decrease in purchases by one of our largest customers
 the inability to collect a receivable from or a significant business interruption at one of our largest customers would result in decreased sales and would materially and adversely affect our results of operations
At June&#160;25
 2020
 we had goodwill of $9.6&#160;million and other intangible assets of $12.1&#160;million
 net. The net carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date (or subsequent impairment date
 if applicable). The net carrying value of other intangibles represents the fair value of customer relationships
names
 and other acquired intangibles as of the acquisition date (or subsequent impairment date
 if applicable)
 net of accumulated amortization. Goodwill is not amortized but must be evaluated by management at least annually for impairment. Amortized intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be recoverable. Impairments to goodwill and other intangible assets may be caused by factors outside our control
 such as increasing competitive pricing pressures
 lower than expected revenue and profit growth rates
 changes in industry earnings multiples
 changes in discount rates based on changes in cost of capital (interest rates
As the retail grocery trade continues to consolidate and our retail customers grow larger
 become more sophisticated and obtain more purchasing power
 our retail customers are demanding lower pricing
 especially private brand customers
 and increased free or discounted promotional programs. Further
 these retail customers may begin to place a greater emphasis on the lowest-cost supplier in making purchasing decisions
 especially during periods of increased or variable raw material acquisition costs. An increased focus on the lowest-cost supplier could reduce the benefits of some of our competitive advantages
 which include a focus on customer service
 innovation
 production capacity
 category management and quality. As the retail environment consolidates
 many customers are reducing inventories or focusing on a limited number of brands (often the number one or number two brand by market share) in making purchasing decisions. In addition
 certain customers in the retail channel
 such as dollar stores and other discount sellers
 have become increasingly sophisticated and may demand similar pricing to retail grocery customers. As part of the retail consolidation trend
 diversified companies with substantial Internet presences have increased their food offerings or purchased retail supermarkets to expand their grocery business
 particularly as such companies focus on food delivery direct to consumers. Such companies have substantial pricing power and may focus on their products to the exclusion of our products. If we fail to respond to these trends
 our sales volume growth could suffer
 and it may become necessary to lower our prices and increase promotional support of our products
Food Safety
If consumers in our principal markets lose confidence in the health or safety of nut products
 particularly with respect to peanut and tree nut allergies
 food borne illnesses
 processes
 ingredients and packaging used in the manufacturing process or other food safety matters
 this could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Individuals with nut allergies may be at risk of serious illness or death resulting from the consumption of our nut products
 including consumption of other companies&#8217; products containing our products as an ingredient. Notwithstanding our existing food safety controls
 we process peanuts and tree nuts on the same equipment
 and there is no guarantee that our other products will not be cross-contaminated. Concerns generated by risks of peanut and tree nut cross-contamination and other food safety matters
 including food borne illnesses
 may discourage consumers from buying our products
 cause production and delivery disruptions or result in product recalls. Product safety issues (i)&#160;concerning products not manufactured
 distributed or sold by us and (ii)&#160;concerning products we manufacture
 distribute and sell may materially and adversely affect demand for products in the nut industry as a whole
 including products without actual safety problems. Decreases in demand for products in the industry generally could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition
 the cooling system at our Elgin
 Illinois facility utilizes ammonia. If a leak in the system were to occur
 there is a possibility that the inventory in cold storage at our Elgin
Product Liability
 Product Recalls
We face risks associated with product liability claims
 product recalls and other liabilities in the event:&#160;(i) our food safety and quality control procedures are ineffective or fail
 (ii)&#160;we procure products from third parties that are or become subject to a recall
 regardless of&#160;whether or not our food safety and quality&#160;control procedures are ineffective or fail
 (iii)&#160;our products cause injury or become adulterated or misbranded
 (iv)&#160;our products are determined to be promoted or labeled in a misleading fashion or do not contain required labeling
 (v)&#160;government authorities test our products and determine that they contain a contaminant or present a food safety risk
 (vi)&#160;our products are tampered with
 (vii)&#160;one of our competitors is subject to claims
 recalls or other liabilities involving products similar to ours or (viii)&#160;federal
 state or other government agencies or courts determine that our products could pose health risks or contain potentially harmful chemicals or other substances. In recent years
 the food industry has been a target of litigation over product labeling and advertising
 including nut products. Such litigation results in significant costs to defend and resolve. In addition
 we do not control the labeling of other companies&#8217; products containing our products as an ingredient. A product recall of a sufficient quantity
 a significant product liability judgment against us
actual or claimed) could cause our products to be unavailable for a period of time
 products
 could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our products and expose us to liabilities in excess of any insurance we maintain for such events. If these kinds of events were to occur
 they would have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products and
 consequently
Our future success will be largely dependent on the personal efforts of our senior operating management team
 including Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Chief Executive Officer
 Michael J. Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary
 James A. Valentine
 Senior Technical Officer and Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Chief Operating Officer
 President and Assistant Secretary. We believe that the expertise and knowledge of these individuals in the industry
 and in their respective fields
 is a critical factor to our growth and success. Although some of our officers own significant amounts of our Class&#160;A Stock
 agreements with us
 nor do we have key officer insurance coverage policies in effect. The departure of any of these individuals or their inability to perform their duties due to illness
 disability
 injury or other similar events could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects and that in turn would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our success is also dependent upon our ability to attract
 retain and motivate additional qualified personnel
We are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA
 the USDA
 the United States Environmental Protection Agency (&#8220;EPA&#8221;) and other state
 local and foreign authorities in jurisdictions where our products are manufactured
 processed or sold. We are also subject to California&#8217;s Proposition 65
 which requires that clear and reasonable warnings be given to consumers who are exposed to certain chemicals deemed by the state of California to be dangerous. Among other things
 these regulations govern the manufacturing
 importation
 processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 advertising and labeling of our products. Our manufacturing and processing facilities and products are subject to periodic compliance inspections by federal
 state
 local and foreign authorities. We are also subject to environmental regulations governing the discharge of air emissions
 water and food waste
 the usage and storage of pesticides
 and the generation
 handling
 storage
 transportation
 treatment and disposal of waste materials. Amendments to existing statutes and regulations
 adoption of new statutes and regulations
 increased production at our existing facilities as well as our expansion into new operations and jurisdictions may require us to obtain additional licenses and permits and could require us to adapt or alter methods of operations at costs that could be substantial. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be time-consuming
 expensive or costly to us in different ways and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 as well as possible criminal sanctions
 which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry
 such as taxes
 tariffs
 duties
 subsidies
 incentives and import and export restrictions on agricultural commodities and commodity products
 can influence the planting
 location and size of certain crops
 whether commodity products are traded
 the volume and types of imports and exports
 and the viability and volume of production of certain of our products. In addition
 international trade disputes can adversely affect commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. Future government policies may adversely affect the supply of
 demand for
 and prices of our products
 restrict our ability to do business in its existing and target markets
The FSMA gives the FDA expanded authorities over the safety of the national food supply
 including increased inspections and mandatory recalls
 as well as stricter enforcement actions
 each of which could result in additional compliance costs and civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 withdrawals
 recalls or seizures and confiscations. The FSMA further instructed the FDA to develop new rules and regulations
 including the performance of hazard analyses
 implementation of preventive plans to control hazards
 and foreign supplier verification provisions. We currently have &#8220;hazard analysis and critical control points&#8221; (&#8220;HACCP&#8221;) procedures in place that may appropriately address many of the existing or future concerns as a result of FSMA. HACCP is a management system in which food safety is addressed through the analysis and control of hazards from raw material production
 procurement and handling
 to manufacturing
We are a publicly traded company and subject to changing rules and regulations of federal and state governments as well as other regulatory entities. These entities
 including the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 the SEC
 the Department of Justice and the Nasdaq Global Select Market
 have issued a significant number of new and increasingly complex requirements and regulations over the last several years and continue to develop additional regulations and requirements in response to laws enacted by Congress. Our efforts to comply with these requirements have resulted in
 and are likely to continue to result in
 an increase in expenses and a diversion of management&#8217;s time from other business activities. Failure to comply with any law or regulation could subject us to civil or criminal remedies
 including fines and injunctions
Operational
 Legal
 Economic
Approximately 35% of the dollar value of our total nut purchases for fiscal 2020 were made from foreign countries. We purchase our cashews from Vietnam and certain West African countries and some of our pecans from Mexico. To this extent
 we are exposed to various risks inherent in emerging markets
 including increased governmental ownership and regulation of the economy
 greater likelihood of inflation and adverse economic conditions
 governmental attempts to control inflation
 such as setting interest rates and maintaining wage and price controls
 supply reduction into the United States from increased demand in foreign countries
 international competition
 compliance with
 and subjection to
 foreign laws
 including our ability to protect our intellectual property
 such as our brands
 compliance with U.S. laws and regulations related to conduct in foreign countries
 such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 currency exchange rates
 potential for contractual defaults or forced renegotiations on purchase contracts with limited legal recourse
 tariffs
 quotas
 duties
 import and export restrictions and other barriers to trade that may reduce our profitability or sales and civil unrest
The existence of risks in emerging markets and other foreign countries could jeopardize or limit our ability to purchase sufficient supplies of cashews
 pecans and other imported raw materials and limit our ability to make international sales
We acquire our inshell nut inventories of pecans
 peanuts and walnuts from growers and farmers in large quantities at harvest times
 which are primarily during the second and third quarters of our fiscal year
 and receive nut shipments in bulk truckloads. The weights of these nuts are measured using truck scales at the time of receipt
 and inventories are recorded on the basis of those measurements. The nuts are then stored in bulk in large warehouses to be shelled or processed throughout the year. Bulk-stored nut inventories are relieved on the basis of continuous high-speed bulk weighing systems as the nuts are shelled or processed or on the basis of calculations derived from the weight of the shelled nuts that are produced. While we perform various procedures periodically to confirm the accuracy of our bulk-stored nut inventories
 these inventories are estimates that must be periodically adjusted to account for positive or negative variations in quantities and yields
 and such adjustments directly affect earnings. The quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen-month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates
 which historically averaged less than 1.0% of inventory purchases
 are also recorded. The precise amount of our bulk-stored nut inventories is not known until the entire quantity of the particular nut is depleted
 which may not necessarily occur every year. Prior crop year inventories may still be on hand as the new crop year inventories are purchased. The majority of bulk-stored nut inventories at June&#160;25
Certain of Our Stockholders Possess a Majority of Aggregate Voting Power in the Company and Members of The Sanfilippo Group Have Pledged a Substantial Amount of their Class&#160;A Stock
As of August&#160;19
&#160;2020
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Lisa A. Sanfilippo
 John E. Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo (the &#8220;Sanfilippo Group&#8221;) own or control Common Stock (one vote per share) and Class&#160;A Stock (ten votes per share on all matters other than the election of Common Stock directors) representing approximately a 50.9% voting interest in the Company. As of August&#160;19
 2020
 Michael J. Valentine and Mathias A. Valentine (the &#8220;Valentine Group&#8221;) own or control Common Stock (one vote per share) and Class&#160;A Stock (ten votes per share on all matters other than the election of Common Stock directors) representing approximately a 23.9% voting interest in the Company. In addition
 the Sanfilippo Group and the Valentine Group as holders of the Class&#160;A Stock are entitled to elect six Class&#160;A Directors which represents 67% of our entire Board of Directors. As a result
 the Sanfilippo Group and the Valentine Group together are able to direct the election of a majority of the members to the Board of Directors. In addition
 the Sanfilippo Group is able to exert certain influence on our business
 or take certain actions
 that cannot be counteracted by another stockholder or group of stockholders. The Sanfilippo Group is able to determine the outcome of nearly all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders
 including any amendments to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws. The Sanfilippo Group has the power to prevent or cause dividends
 or a change in control or sale of the Company
 which may or may not be in the best interests of other stockholders
 and can take other actions that may be less favorable to other stockholders and more favorable to the Sanfilippo Group
 subject to applicable legal limitations
 which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition
In addition
 several members of the Sanfilippo Group that beneficially own a significant interest in our Company have pledged a substantial portion of the Company&#8217;s Class&#160;A Stock that they own to secure loans made to them by financial institutions. If a stockholder defaults on any of its obligations under these pledge agreements or the related loan documents
 these banks may have the right to sell the pledged shares. Such a sale could cause our Company&#8217;s stock price to decline. Many of the occurrences that could result in a foreclosure of the pledged shares are out of our control and are unrelated to our operations. Because these shares are pledged to secure loans
 the occurrence of an event of default could result in a sale of pledged shares that could cause a change of control of our Company
 even when such a change may not be in the best interests of our stockholders
 and it could also result in a default under certain material contracts to which we are a party
 including an event of default under the Credit Agreement by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance (f/k/a Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC)
 as the arranger and administrative agent and a syndicate of lenders
 dated February&#160;7
 2008 and subsequently amended and restated in March 2020 (as amended and restated
 the &#8220;Credit Facility&#8221;)
 which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition
Increased Production
Our results are dependent on controlling a variety of costs
 including
 among other expenses
 transportation costs
 production costs and insurance costs. In recent years and again during the summer of 2020
 we have experienced variability in transportation costs due to additional demand in shipping by a variety of market participants
 a general shortage of drivers
 partially due to health and safety concerns
 lower unemployment
 and federal regulations
 which require increased monitoring of driving time using electronic monitoring technology.&#160;In addition to transportation costs
 we have at times experienced increased commodity or raw material costs
 increased packaging material prices
 higher general water
 energy and fuel costs
 and increased insurance costs
 such as for property insurance and directors&#8217; and officers&#8217; insurance. We also have recently been required to self-insure some of our risks due to certain increased insurance premiums. Maintaining the prices of our products
 initiating price increases (including passing along price increases for commodities used in our products) and increasing the demand for our products (especially when prices for our products are decreasing due to commodity price decreases)
 all of which are important to our plans to increase profitability
We have been the subject of litigation and investigations in the past
 and we may become the subject of litigation and investigations in the future
 which may include lawsuits or claims related to contracts
 intellectual property
 product recalls
 product liability
 the marketing and labeling of products
 employment matters
 wage and hour matters
 environmental matters or other aspects of our business. Plaintiffs or regulatory bodies could seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts
 and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to lawsuits and investigations is difficult to estimate accurately.&#160;Additionally
 many of our customer contracts require us to indemnify and assume the defense of any third party claim against the customer
 increasing the risk of litigation related to our operations. Regardless of whether any claims against us are valid
 or whether we are ultimately held liable
 such litigation and investigations may be expensive to defend and may divert time
 money and management attention away from our operations and negatively impact our financial performance.&#160;We maintain insurance in amounts we believe to be adequate based on our business operations. However
 we may incur claims or liabilities for which we are not insured
 that exceed the amount of our insurance coverage or that our insurers may raise various objections and exceptions to coverage. A judgment or settlement for significant monetary damages or requiring other significant changes to our business or assets could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.&#160;Any adverse publicity resulting from allegations or investigations may also adversely affect our reputation and the reputation of our products
Technology Disruptions
We depend on information technology to maintain and streamline our operations
 including
 among other things
 (i)&#160;interfacing with our locations
 customers and suppliers
 (ii)&#160;complying with financial reporting
 legal and tax regulatory requirements
 (iii)&#160;maintaining logistics
 inventory control and monitoring systems
 (iv)&#160;providing us with real-time feedback about our business and (v)&#160;allowing continuity of operations when a significant number of our employees are working remotely. Like other companies
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control
 including natural disasters
 terrorist attacks
 telecommunications failures
 outages during replacement or upgrades
 computer viruses
 hardware failures
 power outages
 hackers
 social engineering attacks
 loss or theft of hardware
 ransomware attacks
 cyber risks and other security issues. We have technology security initiatives
 cyber insurance and disaster recovery plans in place to mitigate our risk to these vulnerabilities
 but these measures may not be adequate
 particularly as the global dependence on technology and the sophistication of cyber threats increase and more of our employees are working remotely. In addition
 information
 we may suffer financial and reputational damage
 litigation or remediation costs or penalties because of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our customers
 consumers
In addition
 we have outsourced several information technology support services and administrative functions to third-party service providers and may outsource other functions in the future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. If the service providers to which we outsource these functions do not perform effectively
 we may not be able to achieve the expected cost savings and may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers. Depending on the function involved
 such errors may also lead to business disruption
 processing inefficiencies
 the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach
 the loss of sensitive data through security breach
 or otherwise. While we or any third party service provider have not experienced any significant disruption
 failure or breach impacting our information technology systems
 any such disruption
Our products are shelled
 manufactured or otherwise processed at our five production facilities. However
 products
 including the shelling of peanuts
 walnuts and pecans and processing and packaging of certain other products
 are conducted only at a single location. If any of these production facilities experiences a disruption for any reason
 including a work stoppage
 power failure
 fire
 pandemic
 terrorism or weather related condition or natural disaster
 this could result in a significant reduction or elimination of the availability of some of our products. For example
 in fiscal 2020
 we experienced a fire at our Garysburg facility and our peanut roasting production capabilities were negatively impacted. Although we were able to obtain coverage for certain products processed at the Garysburg facility
 there would be no guarantee that we would be able to do so in the future. In addition
 a dispute with
 or disruption at
 a significant third party supplier
 service provider or distributor may impact our ability to produce
 package
 market
 transport and sell our products. If we were not able to obtain alternate production
 shelling or processing capability in a timely manner or on satisfactory terms
We consider our intellectual property rights
Fisher
 Orchard Valley Harvest
 Squirrel Brand
 trademarks)
 but also our patents
 trade secrets
 copyrights and licensing agreements
 to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent
 service mark
 trademark
 copyright and trade secret laws
 as well as licensing agreements
 third party nondisclosure and assignment agreements and policing of third party misuses of our intellectual property both domestically and internationally. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our trademarks
 products
 new features of our products
 or our trade secrets and technology
 or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property
In addition
 we may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technology
We developed a strategic plan (the &#8220;Strategic Plan&#8221;)
 to help us achieve long-term profitable growth. As part of this Strategic Plan
 we have taken a number of actions including
 among other things
 promotion of our branded recipe and snack nut products
 business at existing key customers. In addition to these actions
 we intend to improve our research and development and marketing capabilities to improve the quality
 innovation and sales of our products. We are taking these actions in order to increase sales in all of our distribution channels. There are no assurances that we will be successful in achieving any portion of our Strategic Plan
In addition
 we have in the past
 as part of our Strategic Plan
 engaged in strategic acquisitions and joint ventures including the acquisition of Squirrel Brand
 L.P. in November 2017 (the &#8220;Acquisition&#8221;). As part of our Strategic Plan
 we also intend to make investments in and enter into strategic relationships with growth-stage companies to take advantage of our manufacturing and supply chain expertise. However
 we may be unsuccessful in managing completed acquisitions or joint ventures
 identifying additional acquisitions
 joint ventures or investments
 or negotiating favorable financial or other terms with third parties which are attractive or advantageous to grow or otherwise supplement our existing business. In addition
 the identification
 negotiation and completion of any acquisition
 joint venture or investment may divert management&#8217;s attention from ordinary business matters
 or ongoing advisory costs
 result in the loss of employees or customers of our business or the acquired business
 involve the assumption of unknown and potentially significant liabilities or result in impairment charges if the assumptions underlying the purchase or investment are not satisfied. Due to various uncertainties inherent in such activities
 we may be unable to achieve a substantial portion of any anticipated benefits or cost savings from previous acquisitions
 or joint ventures or investments or other anticipated benefits in the timeframe we anticipate
As the number of our employees has grown
 personnel costs
 including the costs of medical and other employee health and welfare benefits
 have increased. These costs can vary substantially as a result of an increase in the number
 mix and experience of our employees and changes in health care and other employment-related laws. There are no assurances that we will succeed in reducing future increases in such costs
 particularly if government regulations require us to change our health and welfare benefits
 government regulations impose additional monitoring and compliance expenses
 or any other pandemic. Increases in personnel costs can also be amplified by low unemployment rates
Although we consider our labor relations to be good
 if a significant number of our employees engaged in a work slowdown
 or other type of labor unrest
 it could in some cases impair our ability to supply our products to customers
 which could result in reduced sales
We Cannot Guarantee the Timing
Although the Board of Directors has adopted a dividend policy under which the Company intends to pay a regular annual cash dividend on its Common Stock and Class&#160;A Stock
 whether any such subsequent dividend (or any special dividend) is declared and the timing and amount thereof is subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors. Decisions of the Board of Directors in respect of dividends will be based on a variety of factors
 including the cash flows
 earnings and financial position of the Company as well as the borrowing availability and other restrictions under our Credit Facility. The Board of Directors is not required to declare dividends and the number and amount of dividends is restricted under our Credit Facility and could be restricted under future financing or other arrangements. The Board of Directors will also regularly review and may modify or terminate our dividend policy. Accordingly
 we cannot provide any assurances that our Company will pay annual or special cash dividends in the future
 and if so
We and our customers
 suppliers and transport partners face various risks related to epidemics
 pandemics and similar outbreaks of infectious diseases


 financial condition
Since January 2020
 outbreak has caused significant disruptions in both the U.S. and international economies
 including in the geographic areas where our products are manufactured and sold
 on our business in the future are numerous
 uncertain and constantly changing. While we have seen increases in demand since March 2020 for certain of our products related to consumer pantry stocking
 these trends may not continue and could reverse. In addition
 we have seen decreases in demand for certain of our other products
 outbreaks
 or similar disease outbreaks in the future
 may decrease demand for our products or certain of our products due to additional stay at home orders or more restrictions on public interactions that would limit the ability of consumers and other customers to purchase our products at retailers or other points of sale. For example
 situation and various stay at home orders
 reductions in air travel and temporary closures. Should such stay at home orders
continue and/or consumers choose not to purchase from such foodservice providers and restaurants due to safety concerns
 our commercial ingredients distribution channel could be (or continue to be) materially and adversely affected. In addition
 situation
 we may be unable to collect or fully collect any receivables owed to us and our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We could also be materially adversely impacted by any increased or continued customer shift to lower margin products
 has had a significant adverse impact on economic activity and the gross domestic product in the United States during the 2020 calendar year. Should an economic downturn or recession last for multiple quarters
While our production facilities are essential businesses and continue to operate
 situation) could result in (among other things) reduced or no production of our products or our inability to manufacture and package products
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
While we continue to take precautions to ensure that our workforce can safely work from our facilities or remotely
 we cannot guarantee that our workforce or the workforce of our customers
 If a significant percentage of our workforce
 or the workforce of our customers
 suppliers or transportation providers


 sell and transport our products could be materially impacted. In addition
 if we have to incur (or further incur) additional or unexpected costs for the safety and protection of our employees or otherwise
 materially increase compensation for certain employee groups
 or incur costs related to work at home technology solutions
 facilities cleaning or product transportation
 such actions could materially affect our business
Although our suppliers are currently providing us with adequate amounts of raw materials and packaging necessary to meet recent increased demand or customary demand levels
 there is no guarantee that such suppliers will continue to do so in the future on the same terms or at all. If we fail to obtain necessary raw materials and packaging
 our business
We own or lease five principal production facilities. Our primary processing and distribution facility is located at our Elgin
 Illinois site which also houses our primary manufacturing operations and corporate headquarters (the &#8220;Elgin Site&#8221;). The remaining principal production facilities are located in Bainbridge
 Georgia; Garysburg
 North Carolina; Selma
 Texas and Gustine
 California. In addition
As described below in Part II
 Item&#160;7 &#8212; &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#8212; Liquidity and Capital Resources&#8221;
 the Mortgage Facility (as defined below) is secured by mortgages on essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina. 























 Constructed


Bainbridge
 Georgia



000





 purchasing
 processing
 packaging










Garysburg
 North Carolina









 purchasing










Selma
 Texas



000





 processing
 bulk packaging










Gustine
 California









 processing
 packaging










Elgin
 Illinois



000














Elgin
 Illinois



001
000




Processing
 packaging
warehousing
 distribution and corporate offices









 The vacant portion of the office building may be leased to third parties; however
b. Manufacturing Capability
 Utilization
 equipment. The layout is designed to efficiently move products from raw storage to processing to packaging to distribution. The Elgin Site was designed to minimize the risk of cross contamination between tree nuts and peanuts. As currently configured
 the Elgin Site can accommodate an increase in production capacity of 15% to 25% of our current capacity
The Selma facility contains our automated pecan shelling and bulk packaging operation. The facility&#8217;s pecan shelling production lines currently have the capacity to shell in excess of 90&#160;million inshell pounds of pecans annually. During fiscal 2020
 we processed approximately 29&#160;million inshell pounds of pecans at the Selma facility. The quantity of pecans processed varies depending on the amount of inshell nuts purchased due to
 among other things
 the size and cost of the crop
 the impact of international demand
The Bainbridge facility is located in the largest peanut producing region in the United States. This facility takes direct delivery of farmer stock peanuts and cleans
 shells
 sizes
 inspects
 blanches
 roasts and packages them for sale to our customers. The production line at the Bainbridge facility is almost entirely automated and has the capacity to shell approximately 120&#160;million inshell pounds of peanuts annually. During fiscal 2020
The Garysburg facility has the capacity to process approximately 60&#160;million inshell pounds of farmer stock peanuts annually. During fiscal 2020
 the Garysburg facility processed approximately 13&#160;million inshell pounds of peanuts. Due to a fire that occurred at our Garysburg facility during fiscal 2020
 the Company considered strategic alternatives for the facility and currently plans to cease operations at the Garysburg facility permanently in fiscal 2021. See Note 20 &#8212; &#8220;Garysburg
The Gustine facility is used for walnut shelling
 processing
 packaging
 warehousing and distribution. This facility has the capacity to shell in excess of 60&#160;million inshell pounds of walnuts annually. During fiscal 2020
 the Gustine facility shelled approximately 34&#160;million inshell pounds of walnuts. The quantity of walnuts shelled will vary depending on the amount of inshell nuts purchased due to
 among other things
 the size and cost of the crop
 the impact of international demand
The Bainbridge
 Selma and Gustine facilities are equipped to handle the processing
 packaging
 warehousing and distribution
 and in the case of our Bainbridge facility
 the purchasing of nuts. Furthermore
 at our Elgin Site
 we process
 package
We are a party to various lawsuits
 proceedings and other matters arising out of the conduct of our business. Currently
 it is management&#8217;s opinion that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect upon our business
 financial condition
For a discussion of legal proceedings
 investigations
 settlements and other contingencies
 see Note 9 &#8212; &#8220;Commitments and Contingent Liabilities&#8221; in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II
S-K

 2020. Below are our executive officers as of August&#160;19
Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Chief Executive Officer
 age 57 &#8212; Mr.&#160;Sanfilippo has been employed by us since 1991 and in November 2006 was named our Chief Executive Officer. Mr.&#160;Sanfilippo served as our Executive Vice President Sales and Marketing from January 2001 to November 2006. He served as our Senior Vice President Sales and Marketing from August 1999 to January 2001. Mr.&#160;Sanfilippo has been a member of our Board of Directors since August 1999. He served as General Manager West Coast Operations from September 1991 to September 1993. He served as Vice President West Coast Operations and Sales from October 1993 to September 1995
Michael J. Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary
 age 61 &#8212; Mr.&#160;Valentine has been employed by us since 1987. In November 2006
 Mr.&#160;Valentine was named our Chief Financial Officer and Group President and
 in May 2007
 Mr.&#160;Valentine was named our Secretary. Mr.&#160;Valentine served as our Executive Vice President Finance
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary from January 2001 to November 2006. Mr.&#160;Valentine served as our Senior Vice President and Secretary from August 1999 to January 2001. He has been a member of our Board of Directors since April 1997. Mr.&#160;Valentine served as our Vice President and Secretary from December 1995 to August 1999. He served as an Assistant Secretary and the General Manager of External Operations for us from June 1987 and 1990
 respectively
 to December 1995. Mr.&#160;Valentine&#8217;s responsibilities also include peanut
 almond
 imported nut
Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Chief Operating Officer
 President and Assistant Secretary
 age 52 &#8212; Mr.&#160;Sanfilippo has been employed by us since 1991. In November 2006
 Mr.&#160;Sanfilippo was named our Chief Operating Officer and President and
 in May 2007
 Mr.&#160;Sanfilippo was named our Treasurer and held that position until January 2009. Mr.&#160;Sanfilippo served as our Executive Vice President Operations
 retaining his position as Assistant Secretary
 which he assumed in December 1995 from 2001 to November 2006. Mr.&#160;Sanfilippo became a member of our Board of Directors in December 2003. He became our Senior Vice President Operations in August 1999 and served as Vice President Operations from December 1995 to August 1999. Prior to that
 Mr.&#160;Sanfilippo was the General Manager of our Gustine
 California facility beginning in October 1995
James A. Valentine
 Senior Technical Officer
Shayn E. Wallace
 Executive Vice President
 Sales and Marketing
 age 49 &#8212; Mr.&#160;Wallace joined us in March 2019 as Senior Vice President
 Commercial Ingredients. In May 2020
 he was promoted to Executive Vice President
 Sales and Marketing. Prior to that
 he served as President for Spectrum Brands. His career path also includes senior roles with major food companies such as H.J. Heinz
 The Kellogg Company
 Dean Foods
Frank S. Pellegrino
 Executive Vice President
 Finance and Administration
 and Treasurer
 age 46 &#8212; Mr.&#160;Pellegrino joined us in January 2007 as Director of Accounting and was appointed Corporate Controller in September 2007. In January 2009
 he was named Vice President Finance and Corporate Controller. In August 2012
 he was promoted to Senior Vice President
 Finance. In August 2016
 he was appointed Treasurer. Previously
 Mr.&#160;Pellegrino was Internal Audit Manager at W.W. Grainger
 distributor
 from June 2003 to January 2007. Prior to that
 he was a Manager in the Assurance Practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 where he was employed from 1996 to 2003. Mr.&#160;Pellegrino is responsible for our accounting
Christopher H. Gardier
 Senior Vice President
 Consumer Sales
 age 60&#160;&#8212;&#160;Mr.&#160;Gardier joined us in May&#160;2010 as Vice President
 Consumer Sales. In August 2012
 Mr.&#160;Gardier was promoted to Senior Vice President
 Consumer Sales. Previously
 Mr.&#160;Gardier was the Vice President Sales for the Snacks Division at The Hain Celestial Group
 where he led a national sales team of eight regional managers selling natural and organic salty snack brands. Prior to that
 Mr.&#160;Gardier was a Customer Vice President
 Central Region at Pepperidge Farm for six years
 where he led a team of independent biscuit and bakery distributors covering 13 Midwestern states. Prior to that
 Mr.&#160;Gardier was a Director of National Accounts at Frito Lay for almost five years
 where he led a sales and operations team responsible for the mass merchandising channel. Mr.&#160;Gardier is responsible for leading our Consumer Sales efforts
Below are the relationships among certain directors and executive offices as of August&#160;19
Mathias A. Valentine
 a director of the Company
 is (i)&#160;the father of Michael&#160;J. Valentine
 an executive officer and director of the Company
 and James&#160;A. Valentine
 an executive officer of the Company and (ii)&#160;the uncle of Jasper&#160;B. Sanfilippo
&#160;Jr. and Jeffrey&#160;T. Sanfilippo
 executive officers and directors of the Company
 and James J. Sanfilippo
Michael J. Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary and a director of the Company
 is (i)&#160;the son of Mathias&#160;A. Valentine
 (ii)&#160;the brother of James&#160;A. Valentine and (iii)&#160;the cousin of Jasper&#160;B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company
 is (i)&#160;the brother of Jasper&#160;B. Sanfilippo
 Jr. and James&#160;J. Sanfilippo
Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Chief Operating Officer
 President and a director of the Company
 is (i)&#160;the brother of Jeffrey&#160;T. Sanfilippo and James&#160;J. Sanfilippo
James J. Sanfilippo
 a director of the Company
 is (i)&#160;the brother of Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and Jasper&#160;B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
James A. Valentine
 Senior Technical Officer of the Company
 is (i)&#160;the son of Mathias&#160;A. Valentine
 (ii)&#160;the brother of Michael&#160;J. Valentine and (iii)&#160;the cousin of Jasper&#160;B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
We have two classes of stock: Class&#160;A Stock and Common Stock. The holders of Common Stock are entitled to elect 25% of the total members of the Board of Directors
 rounded up to the nearest whole number
 and the holders of Class&#160;A Stock are entitled to elect the remaining directors. With respect to matters other than the election of directors or any matters for which class voting is required by law
 the holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share while the holders of Class&#160;A Stock are entitled to ten votes per share. Our Class&#160;A Stock is not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and there is no established public trading market for the Class&#160;A Stock. However
 each share of Class&#160;A Stock is convertible at the option of the holder at any time and from time to time (and
 upon the occurrence of certain events specified in our Restated Certificate of Incorporation
The graph below compares our cumulative five-year total stockholder return on our Common Stock with the cumulative total returns of the Russell 2000 Consumer Staples Index and the Russell 2000 Index. The graph tracks the performance of a $100 investment in our Common Stock
 in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from June&#160;26
 2015 to June&#160;25
Among John B. Sanfilippo&#160;&amp; Son
 Inc.
 the Russell 2000 Index
 




$100 invested on June&#160;26
 2015 in stock or June&#160;30
 2015 in index
The information contained in the preceding performance graph shall not be deemed to be &#8220;soliciting material&#8221; or to be &#8220;filed&#8221; with the SEC
 nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
As of August&#160;19
 2020 there were 44 holders and 16 holders of record of our Common Stock and Class&#160;A Stock
Under our Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 the Class&#160;A Stock and the Common Stock are entitled to share equally on a share for share basis in any dividends declared by the Board of Directors on our common equity. Our current financing agreements
 as amended and restated on March&#160;5
 2020
 allow us to make up to four cash dividends or distributions of our stock in any fiscal year in an amount not to exceed $75&#160;million in the aggregate per fiscal year. See Part&#160;II
In January 2017
The Board of Directors will review the dividend policy regularly and any future annual or special dividends (whether such are paid and
 if so
 the amount and timing of payment) will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors
 after taking into account a variety of factors
 including cash flows
 borrowing availability under our Credit Facility
 and earnings and financial position of the Company.&#160;There can be no assurance that dividends will be declared or paid in the future. Pursuant to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 any dividends paid on our Common Stock must be equivalent to the dividends paid on our Class&#160;A Stock. 





On July&#160;10
 2018 our Board of Directors declared an annual and special cash dividend of $0.55 and $2.00
 respectively
 that was paid to holders of Common Stock and Class&#160;A Stock on August&#160;17
 2018. 





On July&#160;10
 2019 our Board of Directors declared an annual and special cash dividend of $0.60 and $2.40
 respectively
 that was paid to holders of Common Stock and Class&#160;A Stock on August&#160;20
 2019. 





On October&#160;29
 2019 our Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend of $2.00 that was paid to holders of Common Stock and Class&#160;A Stock on December&#160;10
 2019. 





On April&#160;29
 2020 our Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend of $1.00 that was paid to holders of Common Stock and Class&#160;A Stock on June&#160;17
 2020. 





Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2020
 the Board of Directors declared an annual and special cash dividend of $0.65 and $1.85 per share
 respectively
 that will be paid to holders of our Common Stock and Class&#160;A Stock on August&#160;21
 as set forth on the cover page of this Report
 we did not consider any of the siblings or spouses of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Sr. (our former chairman of the board) or Mathias A. Valentine
 or any of the lineal descendants of either Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Sr.
 Mathias A. Valentine or such siblings (other than those who are our executive officers
 directors or those in the foregoing who have formed a group within the meaning of Section&#160;13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 with either Jasper B. Sanfilippo
The following table sets forth information as of June&#160;25
 2020
 with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance pursuant to equity compensation plans previously approved by our stockholders and equity compensation plans not previously approved by our stockholders. 


















 exercise&#160;of&#160;options



 options

















































The following historical consolidated financial data as of and for the years ended June&#160;25
 2020
 June&#160;27
 2019
 June&#160;28
 2018
 June&#160;29
 2017
&#160;and June&#160;30
 2016 was derived from our consolidated financial statements. The financial data should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
 which are included elsewhere herein
 and with Item&#160;7 &#8212; &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221;. The information below is not necessarily indicative of the results of future operations. The fiscal year ended June&#160;30
(dollars in thousands
 except per share data)































June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28



June&#160;29



June&#160;30

















































































































































































































Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net



































































































































































































































































































June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28



June&#160;29



June&#160;30

























































Long-term debt
 less current maturities














































































The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Our fiscal year ends on the final Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists of 





References herein to fiscal 2020
 fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 are to the fiscal years ended June&#160;25
 2020
 June&#160;27
 2019 and June&#160;28
 2018
 respectively. 





References herein to fiscal 2021 are to the fiscal year ending June&#160;24
As used herein
 unless the context otherwise indicates
 the terms &#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;us&#8221;
 &#8220;our&#8221; or &#8220;Company&#8221; collectively refer to John B. Sanfilippo&#160;&amp; Son
 Inc. and our wholly-owned subsidiary
 JBSS Ventures
We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts
Fisher
 Orchard Valley Harvest
Squirrel Brand
brand names. We also market and distribute
 and in most cases
 manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 cashew butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 snack bites
 sunflower kernels
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 chickpea snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under private brands and brand names. We distribute our products in the consumer
The Company&#8217;s long-term objective to drive profitable growth
 as identified in our Strategic Plan
Fisher
&#160;Orchard Valley Harvest
 business across key customers. We will execute on our Strategic Plan to grow our branded business by reaching new consumers via product and pack innovation
 expanding distribution across current and alternative channels and focusing on new ways to buy
 In addition
 we intend to invest in our people and facilities in order to research
 develop
We face a number of challenges in the future which include
 among others
 changes in commodity acquisition costs
recipe nut sales have been negatively impacted recently due to this increased competition for market share. We also face changing industry trends as consumer preferences shift to shopping in smaller store formats like grocery and online. With restaurant closures
 pandemic and the uncertainty of future local and federal restrictions aimed to mitigate and control the pandemic. As these restrictions were loosened during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020
 we saw a gradual increase in demand from our foodservice
 restaurant
 retail customers. However
 if conditions deteriorate in the future and consumers are limited in their ability to purchase meals outside their homes
 it will have a negative impact on the above customers
 including the collectability of accounts receivables from these customers. In our first quarter of fiscal 2021
 we began to see signs of a shortage in capacity in the transportation industry
 crisis team
 which was created in the third quarter of fiscal 2020
 will continue to meet on a regular basis to discuss risks faced by the Company and mitigation strategies. We will continue to follow recommendations made by state and federal regulators and health agencies to ensure the safety and health of our employees. We have implemented a temporary work from home option for the majority of our office employees
 staggered shifts and breaks
 installed partitions on production lines and office space where social distancing could not be consistently maintained and installed thermal scanners to measure temperature for all employees upon arrival. We will update and enhance these measures as new guidance is provided. In addition
 bonus from the middle of March to the end of May. Despite the challenges faced in responding to the pandemic
We have worked closely with our domestic and global suppliers to source and maintain a consistent supply of raw materials
 ingredients and packaging to provide a steady supply of our products and our customers and consumers. To date
We will continue to focus on seeking profitable business opportunities to maximize the utilization of our production capacity at our primary manufacturing
 processing and distribution facility located in Elgin
 recipe and see additional opportunities to connect these brands to consumers&#8217; desires for more functional snacking and baking and cooking ideas
 respectively. We will continue to face the ongoing challenges specific to our business
 such as food safety and regulatory issues and the maintenance and growth of our customer base for branded and private label products. See the information referenced in Part I
 Item&#160;1A &#8212; &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; of this report for additional information about our risks
 challenges and uncertainties.





Our net sales for fiscal 2020 increased by $3.9&#160;million
 or 0.4%
 to $880.1&#160;million compared to fiscal 2019. 





Gross profit increased by $17.5&#160;million
 and our gross profit margin
 as a percentage of net sales
 increased to 20.0% in fiscal 2020 from 18.1% in fiscal 2019. 





Total operating expenses for fiscal 2020 decreased by $2.5&#160;million
 and our operating expenses
 as a percentage of net sales
 were 11.0% compared to 11.4% of net sales in fiscal 2019. 

















The total value of inventories on hand at the end of fiscal 2020 increased by $15.0&#160;million
 or 9.6%
We have seen acquisition costs for walnuts increase in the 2019 crop year (which falls into our current 2020 fiscal year). We also continue to see declining acquisition costs for pecans and cashews. While we completed our procurement of the current year crop of inshell walnuts during the second quarter of fiscal 2020
 the total payments to our walnut growers were not determined until the third quarter of fiscal 2020
 which is typical. The final prices paid to the walnut growers were based upon prevailing market prices and other factors
 such as crop size and export demand. At June&#160;25
 2020 there are no amounts due to walnut growers. 







































































































































Our net sales increased 0.4% to $880.1&#160;million for fiscal 2020 from $876.2&#160;million for fiscal 2019. Sales volume
 measured as pounds sold to customers
 increased by 6.1% for fiscal 2020 in comparison to sales volume for fiscal 2019. The increase in net sales from the sales volume increase was largely offset by a 5.3% decrease in weighted average selling price per pound
 as the majority of the sales volume increase was driven by growth in lower priced trail and snack mixes and peanuts. Lower selling prices for pecans and cashews
 which were due to lower commodity acquisition costs
The following table summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of total gross sales. The information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments from gross sales to net sales
 such as promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product type. 

















































































































































































































































































































































Sales of branded products were approximately 27% and 37% of total consumer channel sales during fiscal 2020 and 2019
 branded products were approximately 68% and 69% of branded sales during fiscal 2020 and 2019 respectively
 snack nuts was down slightly
Net sales in the commercial ingredients distribution channel decreased by 16.0% in dollars and 6.9% in sales volume compared to fiscal 2019. The decrease in sales volume was primarily due to decreases in foodservice from restaurant closures
Net sales in the contract packaging distribution channel decreased by 20.7% in dollars and 13.8% in sales volume in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019. The decline in sales volume was primarily attributable to some lost business with one customer that increased its internal nut processing capacity
Gross profit increased 11.1% to $175.8&#160;million in fiscal 2020 from $158.3&#160;million in fiscal 2019. Our gross profit margin
 as a percentage of sales
The increases in gross profit and gross profit margin were mainly attributable to the sales volume increase discussed above
Total operating expenses for fiscal 2020 decreased by $2.5&#160;million to $97.2&#160;million. Operating expenses as a percent of net sales were 11.0% for fiscal 2020 and 11.4% for fiscal 2019. Operating expenses as a percent of net sales decreased in fiscal 2020 as a result of lower total operating expenses. The decrease in total operating expenses was mainly due to decreases in advertising
 freight
 legal and consulting expenses
Selling expenses for fiscal 2020 were $59.3&#160;million
 a decrease of $2.4&#160;million
 or 4.0%
 over the amount recorded for fiscal 2019. The decrease was primarily driven by a $2.9&#160;million decrease in advertising expense primarily related to TV and magazine advertising and a $2.0&#160;million decrease in freight expense driven by lower rates
Administrative expenses for fiscal 2020 were $37.9&#160;million
 a decrease of $0.1&#160;million
 or 0.2%
Due to the factors discussed above
 income from operations was $78.5&#160;million
 or 8.9% of net sales
 for fiscal 2020
 compared to $58.5&#160;million
 or 6.7% of net sales
Interest expense was $2.0&#160;million for fiscal 2020 compared to $3.1&#160;million for fiscal 2019. The decrease in interest expense was due to lower average debt levels
Rental and Miscellaneous Expense
Other expense consists of pension related expenses other than the service cost component and was $2.3&#160;million and $1.9&#160;million for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019
Income tax expense was $18.6&#160;million
 or 25.6% of income before income taxes (the &#8220;Effective Tax Rate&#8221;)
 for fiscal 2020 compared to $13.0&#160;million
 or 24.7% of income before income taxes
 for fiscal 2019. Our fiscal 2020 Effective Tax Rate is greater than fiscal 2019 due to a larger state tax rate
Net income was $54.1&#160;million
 or $4.72 basic and $4.69 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2020
 compared to $39.5&#160;million
 or $3.45 basic and $3.43 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2019
The discussion of our results of operations for the fiscal year ended June&#160;27
 2019 compared to the fiscal year ended June&#160;28
 2018 can be found in Part II
 Item 7
 for the year ended June&#160;27
The primary uses of cash are to fund our current operations
 fulfill contractual obligations
 pursue our Strategic Plan through growing our branded and private label nut programs and repay indebtedness. Also
 various uncertainties could result in additional uses of cash. The primary sources of cash are results of operations and availability under our Credit Agreement
 dated February&#160;7
 2008 and subsequently amended and restated in March 2020 (as amended and restated
 the &#8220;Credit Facility&#8221;)
 pandemic
 we anticipate that expected net cash flow generated from operations and amounts available pursuant to the Credit Facility will be sufficient to fund our operations for the next twelve months. See Part I
 brands)
 consummate strategic business acquisitions such as the 2018 acquisition of the Squirrel Brand business
 reinvest in the Company through capital expenditures
 develop new products
Cash flows from operating activities have historically been driven by net income but are also significantly influenced by inventory requirements
 which can change based upon fluctuations in both quantities and market prices of the various nuts and nut products we buy and sell. Current market trends in nut prices and crop estimates also impact nut procurement. 


















June&#160;25



June&#160;27
































































































 Net cash provided by operating activities was $63.6&#160;million in fiscal 2020
 a decrease of $19.8&#160;million compared to fiscal 2019. The decrease in operating cash flow was due to an increased use of working capital for inventory
Total inventories were $172.1&#160;million at June&#160;25
 2020
 an increase of $15.0&#160;million
 or 9.6%
 from the inventory balance at June&#160;27
 2019. The increase was primarily due to increased quantities on hand for peanuts
 cashews and almonds and higher acquisition costs for peanuts and walnuts
Raw nut and dried fruit input stocks
 some of which are classified as work in process
 increased by 10.4&#160;million pounds
 or 22.9%
 at June&#160;25
 2020 compared to June&#160;27
 2019. The weighted average cost per pound of raw nut and dried fruit input stocks on hand at the end of fiscal 2020 fell by 7.0% compared to the end of fiscal 2019
 primarily due to higher quantities of peanuts on hand compared to tree nuts
 Cash used in investing activities was $14.0&#160;million in fiscal 2020. Capital expenditures accounted for a $15.0&#160;million use of cash in fiscal 2020
 which was offset in part by $1.1&#160;million of proceeds from insurance recoveries related to a fire in our Garysburg
We expect total capital expenditures for equipment purchases and upgrades
 facility maintenance and food safety enhancements for&#160;fiscal 2021 to be approximately&#160;$23&#160;million. The projected increase in capital expenditures from historical amounts is due to a strategic investment for a new product line.&#160;Absent any material acquisitions or other significant investments
 we believe that cash on hand
 combined with cash provided by operations and borrowings available under&#160;the Credit Facility
 Cash used in financing activities was $49.6&#160;million during fiscal 2020. We paid dividends totaling $68.7&#160;million in fiscal 2020. We repaid $7.7&#160;million of long-term debt during fiscal 2020
 $3.0&#160;million of which was related to the Mortgage Facility (as defined below). There was a net increase in borrowings outstanding under our Credit Facility of $27.0&#160;million during fiscal 2020 which occurred
 in part
Cash used in financing activities was $68.7&#160;million during fiscal 2019. We paid dividends totaling $29.1&#160;million in fiscal 2019. We repaid $6.9&#160;million of long-term debt during fiscal 2019
 $2.9&#160;million of which was related to the Mortgage Facility. There was a net decrease in borrowings outstanding under our Credit Facility of $31.3&#160;million during fiscal 2019 which occurred
 in part
On February&#160;7
 2008
 we entered into the Former Credit Agreement (as defined below) with a bank group (the &#8220;Bank Lenders&#8221;) providing a $117.5&#160;million revolving loan commitment and letter of credit subfacility. Also on February&#160;7
 2008
 we entered into a Loan Agreement with an insurance company (the &#8220;Mortgage Lender&#8221;) providing us with two term loans
 one in the amount of $36.0&#160;million (&#8220;Tranche A&#8221;) and the other in the amount of $9.0&#160;million (&#8220;Tranche B&#8221;)
On March&#160;5
 2020
 we entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the &#8220;Amended and Restated Credit Agreement&#8221;) which amended and restated our Credit Agreement dated as of February&#160;7
 2008 (the &#8220;Former Credit Agreement&#8221;). The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement provides for a $117.5&#160;million senior secured revolving credit facility with the same borrowing capacity
 interest rates and applicable margin as the Former Credit Agreement and extends the term of the Former Credit Agreement from July&#160;7
 2021 to March&#160;5
The Amended and Restated Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of our assets other than machinery and equipment
 real property and fixtures and matures on March&#160;5
 2025. The Mortgage Facility is secured by mortgages on essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
At June&#160;25
 2020
 the weighted average interest rate for the Credit Facility was 2.40%. The terms of the Credit Facility contain covenants that
 among other things
 require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 acquisitions and certain sales of assets and limit annual cash dividends or distributions
 transactions with affiliates
 redemptions of capital stock and prepayment of indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among other things
 is of a subordinate debt). If loan availability under the borrowing base calculation falls below $25.0&#160;million
 we will be required to maintain a specified fixed charge coverage ratio
 tested on a monthly basis
 until loan availability equals or exceeds $25.0&#160;million for three consecutive months. All cash received from customers is required to be applied against the Credit Facility. The Bank Lenders have the option to accelerate and demand immediate repayment of our obligations under the Credit Facility in the event of default on the payments required under the Credit Facility
 a change in control in the ownership of the Company
 with the financial covenant or upon the occurrence of other defaults by us under the Credit Facility (including a default under the Mortgage Facility). As of June&#160;25
 2020
 we were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility
 and we currently expect to be in compliance with the financial covenant in the Credit Facility for the foreseeable future. At June&#160;25
 2020
 we had $87.1&#160;million of available credit under the Credit Facility. If this entire amount were borrowed at June&#160;25
 2020
The Mortgage Facility matures on March&#160;1
 2023. On March&#160;1
 2018 the interest rate on the Mortgage Facility was fixed at 4.25% per annum. Monthly principal payments on the Mortgage Facility in the amount of $0.3&#160;million commenced on June&#160;1
The terms of the Mortgage Facility contain covenants that require us to maintain a specified net worth of $110.0&#160;million and maintain the Encumbered Properties. The Mortgage Lender is entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations under the Mortgage Facility in the event we default in the payments required under the Mortgage Facility
 with the covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of June&#160;25
 2020
In September 2006
 we sold our Selma
 term at a fair market value rent with three five-year renewal options. In September 2015
 we exercised two of the five-year renewal options which extended the lease term to September 2026. The lease extension also reduced the monthly lease payment on the Selma Properties
 beginning in September 2016
 to reflect then current market conditions. One five-year renewal option remains. Also
 we have an option to purchase the Selma Properties from the lessor at 95% (100% in certain circumstances) of the then fair market value
 but not less than the original $14.3&#160;million purchase price. The provisions of the arrangement are not eligible for sale-leaseback accounting
 and the $14.3&#160;million was recorded as a debt obligation. No gain or loss was recorded on the Selma Properties transaction. At June&#160;25
 2020
 acquisition. The Acquisition was financed by a combination of cash (drawn under the Credit Facility) and a three-year seller-financed note of $11.5&#160;million (&#8220;Promissory Note&#8221;). The principal owner and seller of the Squirrel Brand business was subsequently appointed as an executive officer of the Company and was considered a related party until the employment of this executive officer with the Company ceased during fiscal 2020. The Promissory Note is unsecured
 bears interest at 5.5% per annum and is payable in equal monthly principal payments of $0.3&#160;million
 plus interest
 which began in January 2018. Upon an event of default
 as defined in the Promissory Note
 the Promissory Note at any time during the three-year period without penalty. At June&#160;25
 2020
As of June&#160;25
 2020
 sheet arrangements
At June&#160;25
 2020
 we had the following contractual cash obligations for long-term debt (including scheduled interest payments)
 operating leases
 the Credit Facility
 purchase obligations
 retirement plans and other long-term liabilities (amounts in this subsection in thousands): 










































































































































































































































































The purchase obligations primarily represent inventory purchase commitments; however
 these amounts exclude purchase commitments under walnut purchase agreements due to the uncertainty of pricing and quantity. 



Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accounting policies as disclosed in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are applied in the preparation of our financial statements and accounting for the underlying transactions and balances. The policies discussed below are considered by our management to be critical for an understanding of our financial statements because the application of these policies places the most significant demands on management&#8217;s judgment
 with financial reporting results relying on estimation regarding the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Specific risks
 if applicable
 for these critical accounting policies are described in the following paragraphs. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting policies
 requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements
The Company records revenue based on a five-step model in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) Topic 606. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for the goods or services. We sell our products under some arrangements which include customer contracts that fix the sales price for periods
 which typically can be up to one year for some commercial ingredient customers. We also sell our products through specific programs consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer and some commercial ingredient users. We recognize revenue as performance obligations are fulfilled
 which occurs when control passes to our customers. We report all amounts billed to a customer in a sale transaction as revenue
 including those amounts related to shipping and handling. We reduce revenue for estimated promotion allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
We review held and used long-lived assets
 including our rental investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets (e.g.
 customer relationships and brand names)
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of future cash flows derived from the most recent business projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
Goodwill is not amortized
 but is tested annually for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may be impaired. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include deterioration in general economic conditions
 adverse changes in the markets in which we operate
 increases in input costs that have negative effects on earnings and cash flows
 or a trend of negative or declining cash flows over multiple periods
In testing goodwill for impairment
 we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not (more than 50%) that the estimated fair value of our single reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we elect to perform a qualitative assessment and determine that an impairment is more likely than not
 we are then required to perform a quantitative impairment test
 otherwise no further analysis is required. We also may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment and
 instead
Under the goodwill qualitative assessment
Under the goodwill quantitative impairment test
 the evaluation of impairment involves comparing the current fair value of our single reporting unit to its carrying value
 including goodwill. We estimate the fair value using level 3 inputs as defined by the fair value hierarchy. The inputs used to estimate fair value include several subjective factors
 such as estimates of future cash flows
 estimates of our future cost structure
 discount rates for our estimated cash flows
 required level of working capital
 assumed terminal value
 and time horizon of cash flow forecasts. Our market capitalization is also an estimate of fair value that is considered in our qualitative impairment analysis which is a level 1 input in the fair value hierarchy. If the carrying value of our single reporting unit exceeds its fair value
In order to measure the annual expense and calculate the liability associated with our retirement plan
 management must make a variety of estimates including
 but not limited to
 discount rates
 projected benefit cash flows for our pension plan. The hypothetical bond portfolio is comprised of high-quality fixed income debt securities (usually Moody&#8217;s Aa3 or higher) available at the measurement date. Based on this information
 the discount rate selected by us for determination of pension expense was 3.56% for fiscal 2020
 4.14% for fiscal 2019
 pension obligation determination
 we selected discount rates of 2.69% and 3.56% for fiscal years 2020 and 2019
10-K
 delivered to stockholders
 that are not historical (including statements concerning our expectations regarding market risk) are &#8220;forward-looking statements.&#8221; These forward-looking statements may be followed (and therefore identified) by a cross reference to Part I
 Item&#160;1A &#8212; &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; or may be otherwise identified by the use of forward-looking words and phrases such as &#8220;will&#8221;
 &#8220;anticipates&#8221;
 &#8220;intends&#8221;
 &#8220;may&#8221;
 &#8220;believes&#8221;
 &#8220;should&#8221; and &#8220;expects&#8221;
 and they are based on our current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and involve risks and uncertainties. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or other factors that affect the subject of these statements
 except where expressly required to do so by law. We caution that such statements are qualified by important factors
 including the factors described in Part I
 Item&#160;1A &#8212; &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; and other factors
 risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control
 that could cause results to differ materially from our current expectations and/or those in the forward-looking statements
 as well as the timing and occurrence (or nonoccurrence) of transactions and other factors
 risk
 uncertainties and events which may be subject to circumstances beyond our control. Consequently
We are exposed to the impact of changes in interest rates
 commodity prices of raw material purchases and foreign exchange. We have not entered into any arrangements to hedge against changes in market interest rates
We are unable to engage in hedging activity related to commodity prices
 because there are no established futures markets for nuts; therefore
 we can only attempt to pass on the commodity cost increases in the form of price increases to our customers. A hypothetical 1% increase in material costs
 without a corresponding price increase
 would have decreased gross profit approximately $5.6&#160;million for fiscal 2020. See Part I
Approximately 35% of the dollar value of our total nut purchases for fiscal 2020 were made from foreign countries
 and while these purchases were payable in U.S. dollars
 the underlying costs may fluctuate with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the currency in the foreign country from where the nuts are purchased
We are exposed to interest rate risk on our Credit Facility
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of John B. Sanfilippo&#160;&amp; Son
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of John B. Sanfilippo&#160;&amp; Son
 Inc. and its subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of June&#160;25
 2020 and June&#160;27
 2019
 and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 of stockholders&#8217; equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June&#160;25
 2020
 including the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#8220;consolidated financial statements&#8221;). We also have audited the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of June&#160;25
 2020
In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of June&#160;25
 2020 and June&#160;27
 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June&#160;25
 2020 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of June&#160;25
 2020
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements
The Company&#8217;s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
 and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)&#160;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i)&#160;relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii)&#160;involved our especially challenging
 subjective
 or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit matter below
As described in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company&#8217;s projected benefit obligation related to the SERP is $32.2&#160;million as of June&#160;25
 2020. The SERP is an unfunded
 benefit plan that will provide eligible participants with monthly benefits upon retirement
 disability or death
 subject to certain conditions. Benefits paid to retirees are based on age at retirement
 years of credited service
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the projected benefit obligation related to the SERP is a critical audit matter are (i)&#160;the significant judgment by management to determine the projected benefit obligation and the significant assumption related to discount rate
 (ii)&#160;the significant auditor judgment
 subjectivity and effort in evaluating management&#8217;s significant assumption related to the discount rate
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the Company&#8217;s determination of the projected benefit obligation related to the SERP
 including the control over the development of the significant assumption related to the discount rate. These procedures also included
 among others (i)&#160;testing management&#8217;s process for determining the projected benefit obligation
 (ii)&#160;evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation method
 (iii)&#160;testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the valuation of the projected benefit obligation
Chicago
August&#160;19
JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&#160;&amp; SON
June&#160;25
 2020 and June&#160;27
(dollars in thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 














June&#160;25



June&#160;27


























1
535



1
591


Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $
 respectively


56
953



60
971





172
068



157
024





8
315



5
754















238
871



225
340












PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT:












9
285



9
285





110
294



109
955





218
021



210
962





5
179



5
128















2
244



1
127















345
705



337
130





239
013



228
778















106
692



108
352


Rental investment property

11

 respectively


17
105



17
831












TOTAL PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT


123
797



126
183






















Intangible assets
 net


12
125



14
626





11
875



9
782





6
788



5
723





9
650



9
650





4
351



















407
457



391
304










JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&#160;&amp; SON
June&#160;25
 2020 and June&#160;27
(dollars in thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 














June&#160;25



June&#160;27


























27
008






Current maturities of long-term debt
4

 respectively and net of unamortized debt issuance costs of $
 respectively


5
285



7
338





36
323



42
552





2
041









25
641



22
101





15
870



11
014















112
168



83
906






















Long-term debt
 less current maturities

11

 respectively and net of unamortized debt issuance costs of $
 respectively


14
730



20
381





31
573



24
737


Long-term operating lease liabilities
 net of current portion


2
990









7
758



7
725















57
051



52
843















169
219



136
749
































Class&#160;A Common Stock
 convertible to Common Stock on a per share basis
 cumulative voting rights of ten votes per share
10
000
 shares authorized
2
597
426









Common Stock
 voting rights of one vote per share
17
000
 shares authorized

939
8
909

 respectively












123
899



122
257





124
058



137
712





8
630



4
325


Treasury stock
117
900


1
204



1
204















238
238



254
555















407
457



391
304










JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&#160;&amp; SON
For the years ended June&#160;25
 2020
&#160;June 27
 2019 and June&#160;28
(dollars in thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 


















June&#160;25
 2020


June&#160;27
 2019


June&#160;28
 2018





880
092



876
201



888
931





704
317



717
931



750
032



















175
775



158
270



138
899

































59
312



61
756



52
922





37
916



37
990



29
788



















97
228



99
746



82
710



















78
547



58
524



56
189
































1

 respectively


2
005



3
060



3
463


Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net


1
565



1
089



1
406





2
266



1
947



1
970
















Total other expense
 net


5
836



6
096



6
839



















72
711



52
428



49
350





18
601



12
962



16
850



















54
110



39
466



32
500


Other comprehensive (loss) income
 net of tax:
















1
016













4
345



1
922




















Other comprehensive (loss) income
 net of tax


3
329



1
144



1
223



















50
781



38
322



33
723







































































































11
463
968



11
430
174



11
383
080



















11
536
791



11
501
412



11
449
386














JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&#160;&amp; SON
For the years ended June&#160;25
 2020
&#160;June 27
 2019 and June&#160;28
(dollars in thousands
 except per share amounts) 
















































































Balance
 June&#160;29
 2017


2
597
426







8
801
641







117
772



123
190



4
404



1
204



235
468

























32
500











32
500

























28
370











28
370


Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense of $





































Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax expense of $





































Equity award exercises
 net of shares withheld for employee taxes










63
834













































2
796















2
796








































Balance
 June&#160;28
 2018


2
597
426







8
865
475







119
952



127
320



3
181



1
204



243
002

























39
466











39
466

























29
074











29
074


Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense of $





































Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $


























1
922







1
922


Equity award exercises
 net of shares withheld for employee taxes










43
931













































2
644















2
644








































Balance
 June&#160;27
 2019


2
597
426







8
909
406







122
257



137
712



4
325



1
204



254
555

























54
110











54
110

























68
740











68
740


Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense of $


























1
016







1
016


Pension liability adjustment

527


























4
345







4
345


Equity award exercises
 net of shares withheld for employee taxes










30
484



















































































2
472















2
472








































Balance
 June&#160;25
 2020


2
597
426







8
939
890







123
899



124
058



8
630



1
204



238
238










































JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&#160;&amp; SON
For the years ended June&#160;25
 2020
&#160;June 27
 2019 and June&#160;28
 2018 


















June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28




















54
110



39
466



32
500





17
934



17
045



15
430


(Gain) loss on disposition of properties
 net
























3
664





2
472



2
644



2
796


Change in assets and liabilities
 net of Acquisition:













Accounts receivable
 net


4
015



4
447



1
751





15
044



17
338



10
015





2
668







1
074





6
721



16
958



8
876





2
898



15
784



8
598





4
154



2
348



2
659



















1
749










Other
 net


2
341



1
970



2
097



















63
613



83
459



66
154






























Purchases of property
 plant and equipment


15
022



15
075



13
229













21
727





1
109










Other
 net






























14
049



14
614



34
968

































27
008



31
278



1
822



















7
739



6
851



5
659





1
140



1
161



1
130





68
740



29
074



28
370















































49
620



68
703



31
692






























Cash
 beginning of period


1
591



1
449



1
955
















Cash
 end of period


1
535



1
591



1
449

































1
954



2
872



3
357


Income taxes paid
 excluding refunds of $
 $
 and $
 respectively


14
415



10
883



15
846
















Acquisition of Squirrel Brand L.P. through note payable
 see Note 7










11
500


 transition
 see Note 3


5
361








JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&#160;&amp; SON
(dollars in thousands
Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of John B. Sanfilippo&#160;&amp; Son
 Inc.
 and our wholly-owned subsidiary
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC. Our fiscal year ends on the last Thursday of June each year
We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 
 almonds
Fisher
 Orchard Valley Harvest
Squirrel Brand
 Southern Style Nuts
brand names. We also market and distribute
 and in most cases
 manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 cashew butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 snack bites
 sunflower kernels
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 chickpea snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under private brands and brand names. Our products are sold through three primary distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers in the consumer channel
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for customer deductions
 the quantity of bulk inventories
 the evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets
 
Accounts receivable are stated at the amounts charged to customers
Inventories
 which consist principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products

 and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. Inventory costs are reviewed at least quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews and other nuts may affect the value of inventory
 gross profit and gross profit margin. When net realizable values move below costs

 and net realizable value. The results of our shelling process can also result in changes to inventory costs
 to actual versus expected crop yields. We maintain significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based on our inventory systems and are subject to quarterly physical verification techniques including observation
 period

% of inventory purchases
We enter into walnut purchase agreements with growers typically in our first fiscal quarter
 under which they deliver their walnut crop to us during the fall harvest season (which typically occurs in our first and second fiscal quarters). Pursuant to our walnut purchase agreements
 we determine the final price for this inventory after receipt and typically by the end of our third fiscal quarter. Since the ultimate purchase price to be paid is determined subsequent to receiving the walnut crop
 we typically estimate the final purchase price for our first and second quarter interim financial statements based on crop size
 quality
such changes in estimates
 which could be significant
 inventory on hand or cost of goods sold if the inventory has been sold. Changes in estimates may affect the ending inventory balances
Property
Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Major improvements that extend the useful life
 add capacity or add functionality are capitalized and charged to expense through depreciation. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense as incurred. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is recognized currently in operating income. 


















June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28






15
433



14
017



13
414
























































We use the acquisition method in accounting for acquired businesses. Under the acquisition method
We review held and used long-lived assets
 including our rental investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets (e.g.
 customer relationships and brand names)
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of future cash flows derived from the most recent business projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
of Squirrel Brand
Goodwill is not amortized
 but is tested annually as of the last day of each fiscal year for impairment
 or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of the reporting unit is greater than its fair value. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include deterioration in general economic conditions
 adverse changes in the markets in which we operate
 increases in input costs that have negative effects on earnings and cash flows
 or a trend of negative or declining cash flows over multiple periods
In testing goodwill for impairment
 we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not (more than 50%) that the estimated fair value of our single reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we elect to perform a qualitative assessment and determine that an impairment is more likely than not
 we are then required to perform a quantitative impairment test
 otherwise no further analysis is required. We also may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment and
 instead
Under the goodwill qualitative assessment
 various events and circumstances that would affect the estimated fair value of our single reporting unit are identified (similar to impairment indicators above). During fiscal 2020 we elected to perform a qualitative impairment test which showed no indicators of goodwill impairment
Under the goodwill quantitative impairment test
 the evaluation of impairment involves comparing the current fair value of our single reporting unit to its carrying value
 fair value include several subjective factors
 such as estimates of future cash flows
 estimates of our future cost structure
 discount rates for our estimated cash flows
 required level of working capital
 assumed terminal value
 If the carrying value of our single reporting unit exceeds its fair value
In April 2005
 buildings are located on the Elgin Site
 The other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and modified for use as our principal processing facility and headquarters. The allocation of the purchase price to the two buildings was determined through a third-party appraisal. The value assigned to the office building is included in rental investment property on the balance sheet. The value assigned to the warehouse building is included in the caption &#8220;Property
The net rental expense from the office building is included in the caption &#8220;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&#8221;. 









2- Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets. For example
 




The carrying values of cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their fair values at June&#160;25
 2020 and June&#160;27
The carrying value of our Credit Facility (as defined in Note 6 &#8212; &#8220;Revolving Credit Facility&#8221; in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements below) borrowings approximates fair value at June&#160;25
 2020 because interest rates on this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2 criteria)
 the short-term maturity and nature of this balance. In addition
The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value estimate of our current and long-term debt
 excluding unamortized debt issuance costs: 














June&#160;25



June&#160;27






20
059



27
798





20
186



27
720
The estimated fair value of long-term debt was determined using a market approach based upon Level&#160;2 observable inputs
 which estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or broker quotes. In addition
The Company records revenue based on a five-step model in accordance with ASC Topic 606
 some arrangements which include customer contracts that fix the sales price for periods
 which typically can be up to one year for some commercial ingredient customers. We also sell our products through specific programs consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer and some commercial ingredient users. We recognize revenues as performance obligations are fulfilled
 which occurs when control passes to our customers. We report all amounts billed to a customer in a sale transaction as revenue
 including those amounts related to shipping and handling. We reduce revenue for estimated promotion allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
The highly competitive nature of our business provides an environment for the loss of customers and the opportunity to gain new customers. We are subject to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts receivable
 and we attempt to mitigate this risk through our credit evaluation process
 customers exceeded 10% of net sales during fiscal 2018. In total
%
% of our net sales in fiscal 2020
 fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018
 respectively. In total
% of net accounts receivable at June&#160;25
 2020 and June&#160;27
 2019
These costs are generally expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses and were as follows for the last three fiscal years:


















June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28






8
997



11
936



11
290














Shipping and handling costs
 which include freight and other expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in selling expenses. 


















June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28






21
613



23
086



20
418

































June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28





























We account for stock-based employee compensation arrangements in accordance with the provisions of ASC&#160;Topic 718

 by calculating compensation cost based on the grant date fair value. We then amortize compensation expense over the vesting period. The grant date fair value of restricted stock units (&#8220;RSUs&#8221;) is generally determined based on the market price of our Common Stock on the date of grant. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur
We account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such items give rise to differences in the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be realized. In estimating future tax consequences
 process. The first step is recognition
% of being sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position
% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold in the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering our historical taxable income and future taxable income based upon the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&#160;25
 2020
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable. 


















June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28






11
463
968



11
430
174



11
383
080



















72
823



71
238



66
306



















11
536
791



11
501
412



11
449
386

































June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28






7
010






















We account for comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic 220
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity be presented in either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. This guidance also requires presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes and information about significant amounts required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income in their entirety. For amounts not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
In February 2016
&#8221;. The primary goal of this Update is to require the lessee to recognize all lease commitments
 both operating and finance
 by initially recording a lease asset and liability on the balance sheet at the lease commencement date. Additionally
 is effective for public business entities for annual periods
 including interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December&#160;15
 the guidance was to be adopted using a modified retrospective approach
 with elective reliefs
 with application of the new guidance for all periods presented. In July 2018
&#8221; which provides for another transition method by allowing entities to initially apply the new leases standard at the adoption date and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption. The amendments in this Update also provide lessors with a practical expedient
 by class of underlying asset
 components from the associated lease component
 similar to the expedient provided for lessees. In July 2018
Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 In December 2018
&#8221; which provides specific guidance for lessors on the issues of sales taxes and other similar taxes collected from lessees
 certain lessor costs
 components. In March 2019
 utilizing the modified retrospective transition method and did not recast comparative periods in transition to the new standard. In addition
 the new standard provides a number of optional practical expedients in transition. We elected the &#8216;package of practical expedients&#8217;
 which permits us not to reassess under the new standard our prior conclusions about lease identification
In February 2018
In March 2020
&#8221;. The amendments in this Update are elective and apply to all entities
 subject to meeting certain criteria
 that have contracts
 hedging relationship
 and other transactions that reference the London Interbank Offered Rate (&#8220;LIBOR&#8221;) or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. The amendments in this Update provide optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts
 hedging relationships
 and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The amendments in this Update are effective upon issuance and can be taken at any point in time (at the beginning of an interim period) through December&#160;31
In December 2019
&#8221;. The amendments in this Update simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions
 providing updated requirements and specifications in certain areas and by making minor codification improvements. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December&#160;15
 2020
In August 2018
In August 2018
&#8221;. The amendments in this Update modify the disclosure requirements for employers that sponsor defined benefit pension or other postretirement plans. The amendments in this Update remove disclosures that no longer are considered cost beneficial
 clarify the specific requirements of disclosures
In June 2016
the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. For each customer contract
 a five-step process is followed in which we identify the contract
 identify performance obligations
 determine the transaction price
 allocate the contract transaction price to the performance obligations
 and recognize the revenue when (or as) the performance obligation is transferred to the customer. 











private label products to retailers
 such as supermarkets
 mass merchandisers
 and specialty retailers
 for resale under the retailers&#8217; own or controlled labels; 





private label and branded products to the foodservice industry
 including foodservice distributors and national restaurant operators; 











A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account for revenue recognition. A contract&#8217;s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when
 or as
 the performance obligation is satisfied. The Company&#8217;s performance obligations are primarily for the delivery of raw and processed recipe and snack nuts
Our customer contracts do not include more than one performance obligation. If a contract were to contain more than one performance obligation
Revenue recognition is generally completed at a point in time when product control is transferred to the customer. For virtually all of our revenues
 control transfers to the customer when the product is shipped or delivered to the customer based upon applicable shipping terms
The performance obligations in our contracts are satisfied within one year
 and typically much less. As such
Our customer contracts identify the product
 quantity
 price
 payment and final delivery terms. Payment terms usually include early pay discounts. We grant payment terms consistent with industry standards. On a limited basis some payment terms may be extended
 however
. As a result
Some of our products are sold through specific incentive programs consisting of promotional allowances
 volume and customer rebates
 display incentives and marketing allowances
 among others
Trade promotions
 consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances
 merchandising funds and consumer coupons
We generally use the most likely amount method to determine the variable consideration. We believe there will not be significant changes to our estimates of variable consideration when any related uncertainties are resolved with our customers. The Company reviews and updates its estimates and related accruals of variable consideration and trade promotions at least quarterly based on the terms of the agreements and historical experience. Any uncertainties in the ultimate resolution of variable consideration due to factors outside of the Company&#8217;s influence are typically resolved within a short timeframe
 therefore
 products
 past experience has demonstrated that product returns have generally been immaterial. Customer remedies may include either a cash refund or an exchange of the returned product. As a result
 or defective goods is estimated and recorded as a reduction in revenue
Contract assets or liabilities result from transactions with revenue recorded over time. If the measure of remaining rights exceeds the measure of the remaining performance obligations
 the Company records a contract asset. Conversely
 if the measure of the remaining performance obligations exceeds the measure of the remaining rights
 contract asset balance at June&#160;25
 2020. The contract asset balances at June&#160;27
 2019 was $



















June&#160;25



June&#160;27






673
989



624
585





118
464



141
099





87
639



110
517















880
092



876
201










On June&#160;28

No.&#160;2018-11

 with comparative periods continuing to be reported under the previous lease accounting guidance in Topic 840. In addition
 we elected the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance within the new standard
 which among other things
Upon adoption of the new standard
5
5
% were used when determining the present value of future lease payments. All of our lessee arrangements that were classified as operating leases under Topic 840 continue to be classified as operating leases since the adoption of Topic 842
We lease equipment used in the transportation of goods in our warehouses
 as well as a limited number of automobiles and a small warehouse near our Bainbridge
 assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate
 we use our incremental collateralized borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. Implicit rates are used when readily determinable. None of our leases currently contain options to extend the term. In the event of an option to extend the term of a lease
apply lease recognition requirements to short term leases
 defined as leases with an initial term of 12 months or less. We have elected to use this policy
 and as such
 leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. We have also made the policy election to not separate lease and 












June&#160;25
&#160;2020















4
351















4
351































1
376















2
990















4
366





















June&#160;25
 2020





1
701

















1
764














1
1

 respectively.










 Ended&#160;June&#160;25












1
545





























June&#160;25
&#160;2020












Maturities of operating lease liabilities as of June&#160;25
 2020 are as follows: 














June&#160;24
 2021


1
534


June&#160;30
 2022


1
373


June&#160;29
 2023


1
120


June&#160;27
 2024





June&#160;26
 2025




















4
688

















4
366






&#160;June&#160;25
 2020
As the Company has not recast prior year information for its adoption of Topic 842
 the following presents its future minimum lease payments for operating leases under Topic 840 on June&#160;27
 2019: 














June&#160;25
 2020


1
715


June&#160;24
 2021


1
540


June&#160;30
 2022


1
392


June&#160;29
 2023


1
109


June&#160;27
 2024




















6
353






We lease office space in our four-story office building located in Elgin
 Illinois. As a lessor
 we retain substantially all of the risks and benefits of ownership of the investment property and under Topic 842 we continue to account for all of our leases as operating leases. Lease agreements may include options to renew. We accrue fixed lease income on a 










June&#160;25
 2020





1
967
1
1

The future minimum
 undiscounted cash flows under 














June&#160;24
 2021


1
948


June&#160;30
 2022


1
707


June&#160;29
 2023


1
737


June&#160;27
 2024


1
766


June&#160;26
 2025


1
228





1
284











9
670





















June&#160;25



June&#160;27






69
276



58
927





102
792



98
097















172
068



157
024

























June&#160;25
&#160;2020


June&#160;27
&#160;2019





21
100



21
100















16
990



16
990












Total intangible assets
 gross


38
360



38
360

























16
223



14
466















9
873



9
182















26
235



23
734















12
125



14
626










 brand name
 brand name was fully amortized in fiscal 2011. The remainder of the brand name relates to the OVH acquisition
Total amortization expense related to intangible assets
 Income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28






2
501



3
028



2
016




























June&#160;24
 2021


2
165


June&#160;30
 2022


1
896


June&#160;29
 2023


1
657


June&#160;27
 2024


1
414


June&#160;26
 2025


1
156
9
The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the two fiscal years ended June&#160;25
 2020 are as follows:








Gross goodwill balance at June&#160;29
 2018


18
416





8
766








Net balance at June&#160;29
 2018


9
650














Balance at June&#160;25
 2020


9
650






On March&#160;5
 2020
 we entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the &#8220;Amended and Restated Credit Agreement&#8221;) which amended and restated our Credit Agreement dated as of February&#160;7
117
 senior secured revolving credit facility (the &#8220;Credit Facility&#8221;) with the same borrowing capacity
 interest rates and applicable margin as the Former Credit Agreement and extends the term of the Former Credit Agreement from July&#160;7
 2021 to March&#160;5
 2025. The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all our assets other than machinery and equipment
Enhanced features for the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement include
 but are not limited to
 the additions and amendments listed below: 





50
000





10
000





10
20
000





For permitted acquisitions
 a new two-tier alternative test was added. For any acquisition by the Company




 in each case after giving effect to the acquisition.





75


000
 after giving effect to the dividends or distribution





20
000





40
At June&#160;25
 2020
%. At June&#160;27
 borrowings on the line of credit. The terms of the Credit Facility contain covenants that require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 acquisitions and certain sales of assets
 cash dividends
 redemptions of capital stock and prepayment of indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among other things
25
000
required to maintain a specified fixed charge coverage ratio
be applied against the Credit Facility. The Bank Lenders are entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations under the Credit Facility in the event of default on the payments required under the Credit Facility
 a change in control in the ownership of the Company
 with the financial covenant or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under the Credit Facility (including a default under the Mortgage Facility). As of June&#160;25
 2020
 we were in compliance with the financial covenant under the Credit Facility and we currently expect to be in compliance with the financial covenant in the Credit Facility for the next twelve months. At June&#160;25
 2020
87
27
3
361














June&#160;25



June&#160;27



Mortgage Facility (&#8220;Tranche A&#8221;)
 collateralized by real property
March 1
 2023


7
144



9
542


Mortgage Facility (&#8220;Tranche B&#8221;)
 collateralized by real property
March 1
 2023


1
786



2
386


(&#8220;Promissory Note&#8221;)
 unsecured
November 30
 2020


1
597



5
750


Selma
 Texas facility financing obligation to related parties
September 1
 2026


9
532



10
120

























20
015



27
719


Less: Current maturities
 net of unamortized debt issuance costs


5
285



7
338












Total long-term debt
 net of unamortized debt issuance costs


14
730



20
381










On February&#160;7
 2008
 we entered into a Loan Agreement with an insurance company (the &#8220;Mortgage Lender&#8221;) providing us with two term loans

9



 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
On March&#160;1
110

 with the covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of June&#160;25
 2020


In September 2006
 we sold our Selma

The lease for the Selma
In September 2015
 we signed a lease renewal which exercised two five-year renewal options and extended the term of our Selma lease to September 18

 beginning in September 2016. One five-year renewal option remains. Also
% in certain circumstances) of the then fair market value


 whereby the purchase price was recorded as a debt obligation
 as the provisions of the arrangement are not eligible for sale-leaseback accounting. The balance of the debt obligation outstanding at June&#160;25

532
11

 bears interest at 
 plus interest which began in January 2018. Upon an event of default
 as defined in the Promissory Note
 the Promissory Note at any time during the three-year period without penalty. At June&#160;25
 2020


 the outstanding balance on the Promissory Note is not reflected as related party debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June&#160;25
 for the fiscal year ended June&#160;25
 2020
 for the fiscal year ended June&#160;27
 2019
 for the fiscal year ended June&#160;28
 2018.








June&#160;24
 2021


5
309


June&#160;30
 2022


3
890


June&#160;29
 2023


3
213


June&#160;27
 2024





June&#160;26
 2025








6
150











20
059






The provision for income taxes is based entirely on income before income taxes earned in the United States
 and is as follows for the last three fiscal years:























June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28




















14
588



10
309



10
722





3
909



2
951



2
464



















18
497



13
260



13
186



























3
902









































3
664



















18
601



12
962



16
850

































June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28

















State income taxes
 net of federal benefit






































































































































































June&#160;25



June&#160;27


























1
534



1
673















11
260



10
847





1
145



1
117





2
885



3
182





8
373



6
599





1
932



1
862





1
344



1
305

























6
788



5
723










In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income of the character necessary during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and carryforward periods)
 strategies in making this assessment. If or when recognized
For the years ending June&#160;25
 2020 and June&#160;27
 2019
 at June&#160;25
 2020 and June&#160;27
 2019
 respectively. 


















June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28































































































































Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the annual effective tax rate on income from continuing operations
 are as follows: 


















June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28















During fiscal 2020
There were certain changes in state tax laws during the period
We are currently a party to various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. While management presently believes that the ultimate outcomes of these proceedings
 individually and in the aggregate
 will not materially affect our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows
 legal proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties
 and unfavorable outcomes could occur. Unfavorable outcomes could include substantial money damages in excess of any appropriate accruals which management has established. Were such unfavorable final outcomes to occur
 there exists the possibility of a material adverse effect on our financial position
Our Class&#160;A Common Stock
 par value (the &#8220;Class&#160;A Stock&#8221;)
 has cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of those directors which the holders of Class&#160;A Stock are entitled to elect
 votes per share on all other matters on which holders of our Class&#160;A Stock and Common Stock are entitled to vote
 with the exception of election of the directors for which the holders of Common Stock are eligible to elect. In addition
 share of Common Stock and automatically converts into one share of Common Stock upon any sale or transfer other than to related individuals or certain other events as set forth in our Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Each share of our Common Stock
 vote per share. The Class&#160;A Stock and the Common Stock are entitled to share equally
 basis
 in any cash dividends declared by the Board of Directors
%
 rounded up to the nearest whole number
 of the members comprising the Board of Directors. During fiscal 2017
At our annual meeting of stockholders on October&#160;29
 2014
 our stockholders approved a new equity incentive plan (the &#8220;2014 Omnibus Plan&#8221;) under which awards of options and other stock-based awards may be made to employees
1
000

 which may be in the form of options
 restricted stock
 RSUs
 stock appreciation rights (&#8220;SARs&#8221;)
 performance shares
 performance units
 Common Stock or dividends and dividend equivalents. As of June&#160;25
 2020


 subject to the limitations set below. Under the terms of the Omnibus Plan


 under the terms of the 2014 Omnibus Plan
 for awards of restricted stock
 RSUs
250
5


20
Except as set forth in the 2014 Omnibus Plan
 members of the Board of Directors. Recipients of RSUs have the option to defer receipt of vested shares until a specified later date
 typically soon after separation from the Company. The exercise price of stock options is determined as set forth in the 2014 Omnibus Plan by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors and must be at least the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as set forth in the 2014 Omnibus Plan
 stock options expire upon termination of employment or directorship
We determine the fair value of stock option awards using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model; however
 options granted in fiscal 2020
The following is a summary of stock option activity for the year ended June&#160;25
 2020: 


































Outstanding at June&#160;27
 2019

























































































Outstanding and exercisable at June&#160;25
 2020




















































June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28





























The fair value of RSUs is generally determined based on the market price of our Common Stock on the date of grant. The fair value of RSUs granted for the years ended June&#160;25
 2020
 June&#160;27
 2019 and&#160;June 28



3

The following is a summary of RSU activity for the year ended June&#160;25
 2020: 




















Outstanding at June&#160;27
 2019


188
992









38
572









38
333









22
352
















Outstanding at June&#160;25
 2020


166
879


















At June&#160;25



 RSUs at June&#160;25
 years. The fair value of RSUs that vested for the years ended June&#160;25
 2020
 June&#160;27
 2019 and&#160;June 28



2

 respectively.


















June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28






2
472



2
644



2
796














At June&#160;25
 2020

307


























April 29
 2020

May 27
 2020





11
472

June 17
 2020

October 29
 2019

November 26
 2019





22
947

December 10
 2019

July 10
 2019

August 6
 2019





34
321

August 20
 2019

July 10
 2018

August 3
 2018





29
074

August 17
July 9

 percent contributed
 up to certain maximums specified in the plan. 


















June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28






2
116



2
040



1
741
During the first quarter of fiscal 2009
 drivers that were employed for our store-door delivery system that was discontinued during fiscal 2008. Pursuant to terms of settlement with a labor union
 we are making monthly payments of $














June&#160;25



June&#160;27











Virtually all of our salaried employees participate in our Sanfilippo Value Added Plan (as amended
 the &#8220;SVA Plan&#8221;)
 which is a cash incentive plan (an economic value added-based program) administered by our Compensation Committee. We accrue expense related to the SVA Plan in the annual period that the economic performance underlying such performance occurs. This method of expense recognition properly matches the expense associated with improved economic performance with the period the improved performance occurs on a systematic and rational basis. The SVA Plan payments
 if any
The Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (&#8220;SERP&#8221;) is an unfunded
 benefit plan that will provide eligible participants with monthly benefits upon retirement
 disability or death
 subject to certain conditions. Benefits paid to retirees are based on age at retirement
 years of credited service
 as the measurement date for the obligation calculation. Accounting guidance in ASC Topic 715
 
 requires the recognition of the funded status of the SERP on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Actuarial gains or losses
 prior service costs or credits and transition obligations that have not yet been recognized are recorded as a component of &#8220;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&#8221; (&#8220;AOCL&#8221;).














June&#160;25



June&#160;27
















25
382



21
934

























5
872



2
597

























32
204



25
382










The accumulated benefit obligation
 which represents benefits earned up to the measurement date

20

 2020 and June&#160;27
 2019
 respectively. 


















June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28




















2
352













4
285



2
174









1
083









































5
872



2
597





































June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28












































































2
978



2
557



2
577



















June&#160;25


June&#160;27
















of&#160;base


of base





June&#160;25


June&#160;27


June&#160;28




























base
&#160;paid&#160;4&#160;of&#160;5

base
&#160;paid&#160;4&#160;of&#160;5

base
The assumed discount rate is based
 in part
process that considers both high quality long-term indices and the duration of the SERP relative to the durations implicit in the broader indices. The discount rate is utilized principally in calculating the actuarial present value of our obligation and periodic expense pursuant to the SERP. To the extent the discount rate increases or decreases
 our SERP obligation is decreased or increased
 respectively. 








































1
257





6
999
At June&#160;25
 2020 and June&#160;27
 2019
 the current portion of the SERP liability was $
 respectively
 and recorded in the caption &#8220;Accrued payroll and related benefits&#8221; on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 














June&#160;25



June&#160;27






10
909



5
453









1
435





2
757



2
563















8
630



4
325










1

 2021. 














June&#160;25



June&#160;27






4
325



3
181





5
872



2
597





1
374



1
052





1
169



















3
329



1
144

























8
630



4
325























June&#160;25



June&#160;27
























































1
374



1
052




























Amortization of defined pension items
 net of tax


1
016






















In addition to the related party transactions described in Note 7

 two of whom are also executive officers
 and individuals directly related to them. Purchases from this related party aggregated to the following for the years ending:


















June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28





























The following table summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of total gross sales. The information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments
 such as promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product types
 for the fiscal year ended: 


















June&#160;25



June&#160;27



June&#160;28













































































































































































June&#160;25
 2020










































15
650



15
600









4
757



27
036



26
316



5
477





6
032



42
895



42
084



6
843




















June&#160;27
 2019










































14
721



14
746









5
038



24
581



24
862



4
757









































6
370



39
452



39
790



6
032




















June&#160;28
 2018










































13
889



13
789









2
979



22
420



20
361



5
038









































4
263



36
361



34
254



6
370





















































Year Ended June&#160;25
 2020:




















217
846



246
423



211
624



204
199





42
248



49
980



42
805



40
742





19
062



24
466



19
397



15
622





12
926



17
461



13
466



10
257


























































% decrease in weighted average selling price per pound
 combined with a decrease in sales volume for foodservice customers in our commercial ingredients distribution channel as a result of the 





































Year Ended June&#160;27
 2019:




















204
288



253
317



201
834



216
762





32
954



42
883



38
815



43
618





10
052



16
640



15
408



16
424





6
606



11
264



10
331



11
265






















































GARYSBURG
On October&#160;7
 2019 we experienced a fire at our peanut processing facility located in Garysburg
 North Carolina. No personnel were injured
After evaluating our options with regard to our peanut production operations
 the Company is considering strategic alternatives for this facility and currently plans to cease all operations at the Garysburg facility permanently in fiscal 2021. We will finish shelling the current crop of peanuts at this facility
 which is estimated to take approximately four to seven more months
 after which the facility will continue to be used to store and ship inshell peanuts through the remainder of fiscal 2021. We ceased roasting operations in the second quarter of this fiscal year
We have adequate property damage and business interruption insurance
 subject to applicable deductibles. To date

2
July 9

August 21
August 7
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer (&#8220;CEO&#8221;) and Chief Financial Officer (&#8220;CFO&#8221;)
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
 promulgated under the Exchange Act
 Based on this evaluation
 our CEO and CFO concluded that
 as of June&#160;25
 2020
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and is accumulated and reported to our management
 including our CEO and CFO
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June&#160;25
 2020
 (2013)&#160;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation
 our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June&#160;25
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June&#160;25
 2020 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
There were no changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter ended June&#160;25
 2020 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
Our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 does not expect that the Disclosure Controls and Procedures or our Internal Control over Financial Reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the control&#8217;s objectives will be met. Further
 the design of a control must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all internal controls
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the controls. The design of any control is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with associated policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control
Item&#160;10 &#8212; Directors
The Sections entitled &#8220;Nominees for Election by The Holders of Common Stock
&#8221; &#8220;Nominees for Election by The Holders of Class&#160;A Stock&#8221;
We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to the principal executive
The Sections entitled &#8220;Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers&#8221;
 &#8220;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&#8221;
Item&#160;13 &#8212; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Item&#160;15 &#8212; Exhibits
The following financial statements are included in Part II
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Year Ended June&#160;25
 2020
 the Year Ended June&#160;27
 2019 and the Year Ended June&#160;28
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June&#160;25
 2020 and June&#160;27
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#8217; Equity for the Year Ended June&#160;25
 2020
 the Year Ended June&#160;27
 2019 and the Year Ended June&#160;28
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended June&#160;25
 2020
 the Year Ended June&#160;27
 2019 and the Year Ended June&#160;28
 2018 















 for the quarter ended March&#160;24
 2005) 






 for the fiscal year ended June&#160;25
 2015) 













Amended and Restated John B. Sanfilippo&#160;&amp; Son
 Inc. Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement Number Two among Michael J. Valentine
 as trustee of the Valentine Life Insurance Trust
 Mathias Valentine
 Mary Valentine and the Company
 dated December&#160;31
 for the quarter ended December&#160;25
 2003) 






Amendment
 dated February&#160;12
 2004
 to Amended and Restated John B. Sanfilippo&#160;&amp; Son
 Inc. Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement Number Two among Michael J. Valentine
 as trustee of the Valentine Life Insurance Trust
 Mathias Valentine
 Mary Valentine and the Company
 dated December&#160;31
 for the quarter ended March&#160;25
 2004) 






 for the fiscal year ended June&#160;28
 2007) 






 filed on May&#160;5
 2009) 






 filed on October&#160;28
 2014) 















 for the year ended June&#160;30
 2016) 






 under 2014 Omnibus Plan (fiscal 2017
 2018
 for the quarter ended December&#160;24
 2015) 






 Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (deferral) under 2014 Omnibus Plan (fiscal 2017
 2018
 for the quarter ended December&#160;24
 2015) 






 for the quarter ended December&#160;29
 2016) 






Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Omnibus Plan (fiscal&#160;2018
 for the quarter ended December&#160;28
 2017) 






Amended and Restated Sanfilippo Value Added Plan
 dated August&#160;20
 for the year ended June&#160;25
 2015) 






Amended and restated Credit Agreement dated as of March&#160;5
 2020
 by and among John B. Sanfilippo&#160;&amp; Son
 Inc.
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and the administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA
 filed on March&#160;11
 2020) 






Employment agreement
 dated as of November&#160;30
 2017
 for the quarter ended December&#160;28
 2017) 















Separation Agreement
 dated as of December&#160;10
 2019
 for the quarter ended December&#160;26
 2019) 






Code of Ethics
 for the fiscal year ended June&#160;25
 2015) 




















Certification of Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo pursuant to Section&#160;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended 






Certification of Michael J. Valentine pursuant to Section&#160;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended 






Certification of Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended 






Certification of Michael J. Valentine pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended 




















































Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 















 INC.





























Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 























&#160;2020







Chief Financial Officer
 Group President
 Secretary and


&#160;2020







Senior Vice President
 Finance and Treasurer


&#160;2020










&#160;2020










&#160;2020










&#160;2020





/s/ Jasper B. Sanfilippo
Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.




&#160;2020










&#160;2020










&#160;2020










&#160;2020















 




 2020
 John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) has one class of securities registered under
Section&nbsp;12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;): our Common Stock
 par value $0.01 per share (&#147;Common Stock&#148;). Our Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 $0.01 par value per share (&#147;Class&nbsp;A
Stock&#148;)
The following description is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It
&nbsp;subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (&#147;Restated Certificate&#148;) and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the &#147;Bylaws&#148;)
 each of which are incorporated by
&nbsp;read our Restated Certificate
 our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the
Delaware General Corporation Law for additional information. 

000
000 shares of Common Stock
 10
000
000 shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock
 and 500
000 shares of
preferred stock
 $0.01 par value per share (&#147;Preferred Stock&#148;). The outstanding shares of our Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
Pursuant to our Restated
Certificate
 so long as the total number of shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock outstanding is greater than or equal to 12.5% of the total number of shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock and Common Stock outstanding (see &#147;Conversion Rights&#148; below)
 the
holders of Common Stock voting as a class are entitled to elect such number (rounded to the next highest number in the case of a fraction) of directors as equals 25% of the total number of directors constituting the full board of directors of the
Company (the &#147;Board of Directors&#148;). The holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock voting as a class are entitled to elect the remaining directors. With respect to all matters other than the election of directors or any matters for which class voting
is required by law
 the holders of Common Stock and the holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock will vote together as a single class
 and the holders of Common Stock will be entitled to one vote per share of Common Stock and the holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock
Our Restated Certificate does not entitle holders of Common Stock to
cumulative voting. However
 solely with respect to the election of directors
 the Restated Certificate entitles
 but does not require
 each holder of Class&nbsp;A Stock
 in person or by proxy
 to either (a)&nbsp;vote the number of shares of
Class&nbsp;A Stock owned by such holder for as many persons as there are directors to be elected by holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock (&#147;Class&nbsp;A Directors&#148;)
 or (b)&nbsp;cumulate said votes (by multiplying the number of shares of
Class&nbsp;A Stock owned by such holder by the number of candidates for election as a Class&nbsp;A Director) and either (i)&nbsp;give one candidate all of the cumulated votes
 or (ii)&nbsp;distribute the cumulated votes among such candidates as the
holder sees fit. 

 if any
 as may be declared from time to time by the Board
of Directors in its discretion out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. When and as dividends are declared on any shares of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock
 whether payable in cash
 property or securities of the Company
 the
holders of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock will be entitled to share equally
 share for share
 in such dividends. 

 from time to time at the option of the holder and automatically upon the occurrence of certain
events
 into one share of Common Stock. Our Common Stock has no conversion rights. 





 assignment
 pledge or other transfer
 other than a &#147;Permitted
Transfer&#148; (as that term is defined in the Restated Certificate)
 of any shares or any interest in shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock to any person or entity
 all such transferred shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock will be converted automatically into an
All outstanding shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock will be converted automatically into an equal number
of shares of Common Stock upon the date on which the number of outstanding shares of Class&nbsp;A Stock constitutes less than 12.5% of the total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock. 
Holders of Common
Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock will share ratably in all assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders in the event of dissolution. 
Our Common
Stock has no sinking fund or redemption provisions or preemptive or exchange rights. 



could make more difficult or discourage a merger proposal
 a tender offer or a proxy contest. Such provisions include: 





a requirement that stockholder-nominated director nominees be nominated in advance of the meeting at which
directors are elected and that specific information be provided in connection with such nomination; 





the ownership and the rights of Class&nbsp;A Stock held by the Sanfilippo Group and Valentine Group (as those
terms as defined in our Definitive Proxy Statement filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission); and 





he ability of the Board of Directors to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock without the
approval of stockholders. 

establish and designate the series and to fix the rights
 preferences
 privileges and restrictions of any series of the Preferred Stock
 including without limitation
 those relating to any dividend rights and terms
 conversion rights
 voting rights
redemption rights and terms
 liquidation preferences and sinking fund terms. 
 















 
Subsidiaries of John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. 











or Indirectly by the
Registrant



JBSS Ventures
 LLC




















 



 Inc. of our report dated August&nbsp;19
 2020 relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
which appears in this Form 

August&nbsp;19
 2020 















 
I
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 certify
that: 



 of John B.
Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;25
 2020; 



Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 




Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 




Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 




Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal
control over financial reporting; and 



The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
August&nbsp;19
 2020 




























 
I
 Michael J. Valentine
 certify
that: 



 of John B.
Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;25
 2020; 



Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 




Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 




Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 




Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal
control over financial reporting; and 



The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
August&nbsp;19
 2020 










 Group President and Secretary
















 
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 
for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;25
 2020 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
 certify
 pursuant to 18
U.S.C. &#167;&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
1. The Report fully
2. The information contained in the Report
fairly presents
 in all material respects
August&nbsp;19
 2020 


























 
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 
for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;25
 2020 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Michael J. Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary
 certify
 pursuant to 18
U.S.C. &#167;&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
1. The Report fully
2. The information contained in the Report
fairly presents
 in all material respects
August&nbsp;19
 2020 










 Group President
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Net


 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $391 and $350

























 Plant and Equipment






 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant
































































 plant and equipment



 Plant and Equipment






 Plant and Equipment


















 less accumulated depreciation of $12
018 and $11
212













































 including related party debt of $585 and $4
375
 respectively and net of unamortized debt issuance costs of $25 and $35































 less current maturities
 including related party debt of $8
947 and $11
495
 respectively and net of unamortized debt issuance costs of $19 and $44











 Defined Benefit Plan





 Liability






















 Value

















 at cost; 117
























 Shares






 Shares






 Current






 Noncurrent
































 Net of Tax














































 $1
143 and $1
103 to related parties





















































 Defined Benefit Plan
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI





 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period













 Dividends
 Per Share



















































 Share-based Compensation





 Common Stock





 Defined Benefit Plan
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI














 Shares
 Share-based Compensation


 net of shares withheld for employee taxes




 Value
 Share-based Compensation






 Reclassification from AOCI to Retained Earnings





 Defined Benefit Plan
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI





 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period








 Cash Equivalents








 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)






























 Long-term Capital Lease Obligations
































 Plant









































































































 Excluding Capitalized Interest






 excluding refunds of $18
 $16
 and $40









































































































































 12-09




 12-09




























































 Plant and Equipment




















 Goodwill





















































 including whether the charges are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales




































































 Operating Lease
 Liability










 Operating Lease
 Payments to be Received






















































 that if recognized

















 Stock Options





 Options
 Grants in Period






































































 12-09




 12-09

























































































































































 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment






























 Plant and Equipment










 Long-term and Short-term








































































 Asset

































































 Operating Lease















 Operating Lease
 Lease Not yet Commenced










































 Liability











































 Weighted Average Discount Rate





 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments






 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments






 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments






 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments






 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments






 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments





 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments





 Operating Lease
 Liability





 Future Minimum Payments Due






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments










 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments






 Lease Income





 Operating Lease
 Payments to be Received






 Operating Lease
 Payments to be Received






 Operating Lease
 Payments to be Received






 Operating Lease
 Payments to be Received






 Operating Lease
 Payments to be Received






 Operating Lease
 Payments to be Received





 Operating Lease





 Finished Goods and Work in Process





 Raw Materials






















































































 Amortization Expense




 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense












 Impaired























































 Weighted Average Interest Rate























































































































 Other
















































 periodic payment















 Periodic Payment


 periodic payment


 periodic payment




 Including Capitalized Interest
































 including current maturities and short-term debt









 periodic payment





 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest






















 Maturities






 Maturities






 Maturities






 Maturities






 Maturities















































































 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate





 State and Local Income Taxes






 Change in Enacted Tax Rate





 Tax Credit
 Research





 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity





 Nondeductible Expense
 Share-based Compensation Cost





 Tax Contingency





 Other Adjustments















 Net of Valuation Allowance











 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

























 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits





 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits





 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits





 Tax Deferred Expense


























































 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized





 Nonvested Awards















 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period













































 Options
 Grants in Period






















































 Options
 Outstanding








 Options






 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Exercises in Period





 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures






 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested








 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested








 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period














































































 Employer Matching Contribution





 Employer Matching Contribution






















































 Benefit Obligation






 Benefit Obligation













 Defined Benefit Pension Plan





 Expected Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit)





 Expected Amortization of Gain (Loss)























































 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation





 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation










 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost





 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



















 Expected Future Benefit Payment





 Expected Future Benefit Payment





 Expected Future Benefit Payment





 Expected Future Benefit Payment





 Expected Future Benefit Payment





 Expected Future Benefit Payment









 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Gain (Loss)





 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)










 Defined Benefit Plan

















 before Reclassifications










 Current Period














 Current Period






 Defined Benefit Plan
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI





 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI





 Current Period







































 Related Parties


























































 12-09




 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves






 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Additions





 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves





 12-09
 Allowance


 12-09





 12-09






 12-09





 12-09
 Valuation Allowance


 12-09

















 or Both




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g930015g57n11.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ !  $ 8 !@  #__@ ?3$5!1!496-H;F]L;V=I97,@26YC
M+B!6,2XP,0#_VP$  ( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @(
M @( @
# @(# @( P0# P,#! 0$ @,$! 0$! ,$! ,! @( @( @( @

# @0#!04$!    7T! @
M!!$%$B$Q008346$'(G$4
+CY.7FY^CIZO'R\_3U]O?X^?H1  (! @0$ P0'!00$  $=P ! @
1
M! 4A
08205$'87$3(C*!!1D:&QP0DC


MAXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3U-76
MU]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_  !$( 3P, ,!$0 $0$#$0'_V@ 


HTF[WQW)OT'EMS@_0/T.4^'_Q9N_%

MRE]=ZC86 :)5D#M(2%!L&QXGX5^)_P 1[?5/!WP]\9?&'7;_ $7Q7K/AG7_B

M]B\FZNU?YA-*C.#R#F@#JXHHH(XX88TAAA18XHHD6..*- %2..- %1%4 !0

M % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !
M0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4
M% !0 4 % ' ^ ?\ 5^+_ /L?O%'_ *514 =]0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4
M % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !
M0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4
M% !0 4 % !0 4 % ' ^ ?]7XO_['[Q1_Z514 =]0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !
M0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4
M% !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0


M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H


O K6'BOXY:E/X#\%^)?


MO.W-

M85Y7/O0!Z10 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0
M 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 %

M ![T ?F=^WG^W5X6^%OP=U:P^'Q-\*:K\5M5UBPT6/0[ZWUB^T/1YX+ZXU

MR&



MYK2M)LF-Z=2

M !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0
M4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % %:YO+.R
M3S;R[MK2



M-^#_ (56SD2(];9[K5L!FV_*9$/N*/T#]#5TK_@G5\&)IQJ'Q%\2_$[XK:FW

0*ZL;FF89AR?7<5.NJ?PI\JBO/EBHQOYVOYBC%/X8

M % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !
M0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 0W-S;V5O/=W4T5M:VD
MS



 A35)
M;[[7:0M


M^$/PZ^/_ 
2\\11:3Y%OP9#&< YP: (S^T!^V
(_C)\3O#ND-#N^Z;KP?I FU-<#DA9#C&.M $1^$'_



M[1EY$BW7B:74)4ER



MW3CB@!!^V!\?=:&/!?[#WQ4U1'P([O7O%_ACPW#$IZ2307-O)+M QE5YY]J





M14 =]0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 %


MEIX:AU32=.NVUSXG^*8M#MC]JM89GU#3+%7NK.0OYD2!7:)U+ '-?*9CAH
M8+




M-=\1GS/BG^U+\=/'DCC]]!#K
5@V\K'40P0VZ*&*-?NQPQI&@QZ(@ 'Y4 2T
M % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % %.\UPTV

LS




M;7%Z?$?V2]U.WG749TM?/MC;RL&WE8_7#]G'3?B!I?[.7PATOQI
\/Q!LOAK

DC&0DY(!VGPS6^33_$Z



MAF&
$);WM_#]ON) 
K!;6$;---.QX5 G)(% 'QY-^V)\8/C%-)IG[*?P%U[Q
M#8
[0_\ S/B8D_A#P7 ,[&FM8;E4N;J9%#2(K+LE@ \T *G['_ 
:OB[(M


MR#

M 4 % #698U+


M]'N#/8S65G9V[K:F6(G^TG
J-A-GUF7RG@

M%;P0(L4
5@.<F\;ZL\ME82W

I&)+;3;36[B[^S^9
MK-Q:P([6M\ODML\F8*GFG'3DV^07MTL2V'@;0K!-%XU]GTPNM-L+K4=3O;
MFX:VO%7WCF4+=NRC&^1&8=B*+6^07^1X3%XB^#^FM+97^M#3[[1KJ]MM&@
MTO3/$#V_AQUO)))39S/8,+J=[H&25I-Z$_*J[1EE:WR'S6/=_VF:7)H6A70

=<IL3$CY8;1S0.[778HWW@GPIJ,6LPWFB6DL?
MB![:360OFP-J#V7%JT\D$J/F,<#:R^] 7:^17U+P)X?U)?$?FQW]O+XJL].L
M=7N++5+^VG:#2C(;'[*Z3XL702NTH7!P^ZBP)VM_=V]\&V]U+K<\6M^(;
M;6]*LM*8VNI#RM-CL=WEW6EPS0R+;7KAB))3OWX&0,46L%[6TV7PSJHENY
M;3Q;J]OYOAZ/1;.*2&RN8K&\B :Z%:)6N+]MOS*[
Y/ HV]NEK)HWBNW



MB*)[J2&((I;#E1D+\D5HO5;?UW/4-(U3Q2$\)VMWX/@L(+^+4TUR2QUJPNK/
/P[]O\%Z]I]Q


M 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % 'Q_\ &/\ ;.^&WPUUC_A O!]GJOQE^+MQF&P^&_P[

M^%/V8_V8O!WAY?AAHWP:^&K:+$EKJD^CZWX1TG7Y-3EMS+#;ZGJ-[X@L[N?6
M[Z$M(OVBXFN)8A




WBW58G@2#1(-












MO[NQ)J'@R&]?Q++#K_BG2[CQ





Q^TWJL2/+8*80?E7DNP
MONL#M';8]7IDA0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % ' ^ ?\ 5^+_ /L?O%'_ *514 =]


\ :A=V]A8^+M#N;RZE2&WMXKV-I9I7.U(XU[L20 * .ON[VST^!


6+2UU-;U0ZQO)ODE*(<L


MD0*







Y
3$.G/WE!




MU*QNA;0W7VK^R[N331%.TBH#?1J8PX







UWLWV-KXBN[32T\M0@$-E$
MH$0('.&Y- 'HOA_P_IOAG1[30M*CF33[)&CA2XN)KJ7:S%FWSSNSN26/4_2@

)0WF$$$#&* .
MKL_AE\/M/NH+VR\'Z#;7=I*D]O/%80K)#-&P9)$./E=6 (/8B@#

M(CO)^@[6MT/2OAQ^R-)H/B?Q+\1_&

UO#)&L:2F/(50
MV
BC87Z'F
/B+]H#[;'%)\-_L5C]H5&F'CV)2U$FTR!%@W$B+G:%SVQ0!X











M(YIXXG



M\N +I* 




MPG?6NG?VW#8(NC^

M=-^


M6^&]GJ?@Q]8\:7?@_P%OQR\:GXUT%)?$T6D3:=!JGQ(T5[0ZG?6%Y)9SZI
M(T$


M\*]&DL-1^%7P\^


M$\?BPU#57:(ZRE]XGCN]8L;RU27SFMKB&R@1EC E!R7)M\@5E;IW/TI\
?&#
$/&&AZK)JMW)&@N-);3@0=)%N<J'NV7<$Y







MM8SI:QR-#

M--US^P:GK^HS7%AJ.C.*;4[R:&S6W?39XE
R())9%#1;F)4T;?(-%U/AWX


M-]2U;PS\+]%N(+%+R'BXL[N+4?&5[;6(
*BZG6%/M%[&WVB&[D#EK!=JW2
MVQ^ANAZ#HGAC2;'0?#FD:9H&B:7;QVNFZ1H]C;:;IMA;1#;'!:65G''#;Q*!
MPJ(HHV\K-:@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H


M?C7H%MQ#X6^



L.B:Q:V\H.^PN;74EB

M?(]ZL-!\(7)TS4]




M+()9U5%P1EOE&*@6WE8^
$-

M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H X'P#_J_%__





M H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H X'P#_J_%_P#V
M/WBC_P!*HJ .^H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M* @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @#@? /\




M(_#7QD^'GQ2\*_!KPEXG\167PFC?PEX2N/!/B+=XPD\ C4=(U/7=.UB_OI)X


MH * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * .!\ _PK\7_]C]XH_P#2J*@#OJ 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M* @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
M H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H X'P#_J_%__ &/WBC_TJBH
M[Z@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
MH * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * .!\ _ZOQ?_ -C]XH_]
M*HJ .^H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M* @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @#*UW6]+\
Z-JGB#6KN.PT


M66!U4 ^M=+U33];TS3]8TB\M]0TK5+*VU'3;^TD66UO+&\A2XM;JWE0E9(98
M)$=6!P58$=: .0\ _PK\7_]C]XH_P#2J*@#OJ @ H * @ H * @ H *

M % !0!1U#4;/2X(KB^F$$

MH * @ H * @ H * @ H HW.HV=G=:=97$PCN=5GGMK(@YGFMK.XOYD7'



M/'?_ 
TE !_PK3PK_P!3/_X7GCO_ .:2@ _X5IX5_PIG_\ \\=_P#S24 '
M_M/O\ U
__ (7GCO\ ^:2@ _X5IX5_ZF?_ 
+SQW_\TE !_P *T\*_]3/_


MA6GA7_J9_P#PO/'?_P TE !_PK3PK_U

MLD;
A4E)&4\


M_P TE !_PK3PK_U
_P#X7GCO_P:2@ _X5IX5_ZF?_PO/'?_ ,TE !_PK3PK
M_P!3/_X7GCO_ .:2@ _X5IX5_PIG_\ \\=_P#S24 '_M/O\ U,__ (7G
MCO\ ^:2@ _X5IX5_ZF?_ ,+SQW_\TE !_P *T\*_]3/_ .%YX[_^:2@ _P%

M=_\ S24 =1HNAZ9X=L1IVDP26]J)Y[EEFN[R^GDN+J0S7$\]W?W$UQ/-)*S






6D^%?VZ_#NL?&.Z77_














MUU=64SYE9V8DT?H'Z'WXJA%5 6(50H+





M/=VMK#%]LDN8OM$DB6RI1L&Q;TGQ]XID_;(N]*D^(?BUM.;XAZWX;7PHWB?5

M9U#P=\29OA9KMQXH\



M_AU-J&GV&GSOX
B!BTY5B=50W+ @'Z74 % !0 4 % !0 4 ?EA\9/CAX@\!?


M'_C?P]KWQ


M/B;XILO!7[0^J_![XU?$+QQX=\#?#?4/#QU_QS\1;CQ?XWUSQU::]:#7/'_A




M




2A(HHHD 6.-$5555     P* )* @ H * 
M@ H 8\:2H\4J))'(C1R1NH='1P5='1@0R
I(((((.#0!A6OA+PK8Q2PV/AGP
M_9PSQ303Q6NC:=;Q30W#;[B&6.&V59(I7^9U8$

MUM)9H;B6U'AG11;R7%NDT4$\D(LMCS11W-PB.5+*MQ(%(#MD Z72=*G2^CG
MTS3YH]4+J22V5M(FHB.&.WC%\KQD786**,4/A(U4?*H  )!I^GK/;W2V-
MFMS:0&UM;@6T(GM;8@ VUO*$W0P$ #RT*KP..* +E !0 4 % !0 4 % %2_T
M^PU2TFT_4[&TU&PN%5;BRO[:&[M)U1UD59K:X1XY561$8!E.H/4@#(;PAX
M3:PDTIO_AUM+E:W:736T33382-:1B&T:2S-MY3M#JQQDH=B@*N 
4 0P^!



MPQ^=
0!EWW-[T :M !0 4 % !0 4 % &)?\ AGPYJMTE]JGA_1-2O8X)+6.\





M H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
MH * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M* @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
M H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
MH * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H

M_LCQ=XZUFU^+7C;5/$GQ'U'4ULD\+^#-?OK*VTJS?32L\VHL85CC+'RHH@&?
%_&
M$NGZM+HZZ05=];GEL'M;:[E)A-K
S-DLIH ]5\*_MJ_$#Q'XCTR];P+X3M/A
MW?\ [1-Q\-PU'57\7CS_G_  DVEZXJ[OL *[XX+B(C!*NT?44 =/\ M3:]





M55_L;RV5RMP\2S*1
GE ?

UMY=[



ML;6\NM-D?3=3OEN66ENLY25O,(KR3@4 ?G[\
OV@O''PQT
?#W7;SQUK_Q

D;ED/S(:/T#]#Z4_9R^

M7M-(T;Q1]KUK3];T/2[XW
$






]-^$%QJ47B75K?PUHW@Z]TZ5HM*(N)[

?M




MY-

M

ZJ)(O

ML6EMJ44E\/)']FV

WQ-UOXE^ /&=_XLUUX_
M&_[2'BCX-ZK\/7OI6\)Z;X1TWX:-XBM+VRT5AFVU:'5OW[7I 9E78WRT ?JC







MZO?+IB?$KQ)=6/B]Y=
M)5O-6T_0O#NG7U]!:V.Z]N942

M\6Z1\*?A-\2]





?@;\1X[PZ3XS^*T

M0[F1_
DA.(EZQ')%&P;'DTO[77Q@@^-&F_L[-X-^'#?$:;Q)/I-[KT5_XC?P




M&=K$/$%SJ\GA674-
T^QU62QL'7^QXWFNKF&YU.Z)LENC!!FQ!M\@V^1Z/

M


M/X:CMH-3 EU676?*LV9AE38-C])J 
WF5DE0X!P0<$ CD UI2JU,/4A5HU)4JM)J491;4HM;--:H32
M:LU==CG_  7\/_!/PZTQ]&\^%M$\*Z7+.US-9Z+8PV44UPV<S3F)0TT@!(!
M=FV@X&!Q6^+QV


M-OJWPXG^$6H6\



M8+#&$-@V



M\E]J^N27VI7

M89F+ 'UC'\!/A%%X[D^)






*1N2Q-@V.?O?V7?@-?Z)X3\.

M=Q




M6@#(U[0M)\3Z+JOAS7K*/4=%UNPN=



M&Z^'EF=.\.+K*:7Y&L^);._






M(T30;WPMIUFWB?QJ%B\


\*:9'I[?V7!?1
MVFI-;Y9HFU&&\9&8LK T ?2.K_LR_ S7+:6UU'P!9
DWB35O%LD]IJWB+2[\

M]*75O#UEX7T_3#9W6K:;IHL_!

&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;NOTE 1 &#x2014; SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=text-decoration: underline; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Basis of Presentation and Consolidation and Description of Business &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of John B. Sanfilippo&#160;&amp;amp; Son, Inc., and our wholly-owned subsidiary, JBSS Ventures, LLC. Our fiscal year ends on the last Thursday of June each year, and typically consists of &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;fifty-two&lt;/div&gt; weeks (four thirteen-week quarters). The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related footnotes are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#x201c;GAAP&#x201d;).&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts, pecans, cashews, &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;walnuts&lt;/div&gt;, almonds, and other nuts in the United States. These nuts are sold under a variety of private brands and under the &lt;div style=font-style: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Fisher, Orchard Valley Harvest,&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-style: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Squirrel Brand, Southern Style Nuts, &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;and&lt;div style=font-style: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt; Sunshine Country &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;brand names. We also market and distribute, and in most cases, manufacture or process, a diverse product line of food and snack products, including peanut butter, almond butter, cashew butter, candy and confections, snacks and trail mixes, snack bites, sunflower kernels, dried fruit, corn snacks, chickpea snacks, sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under private brands and brand names. Our products are sold through three primary distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts, including food retailers in the consumer channel, commercial ingredient users and contract packaging customers.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=text-decoration: underline; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Management Estimates &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for customer deductions, the quantity of bulk inventories, the evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets, &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'


 0

 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238


 0

 0

 238


 0

 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; font-size: 1pt; line-height: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 1pt;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; font-size: 1pt; line-height: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 1pt;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; font-size: 1pt; line-height: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 1pt;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,463,968&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,430,174&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,383,080&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;72,823&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;71,238&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;66,306&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 64%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,536,791&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,501,412&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,449,386&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 64%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

 0

 0

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=text-decoration: underline; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Management Estimates &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for customer deductions, the quantity of bulk inventories, the evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets, &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=text-decoration: underline; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Inventories &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Inventories, which consist principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts, shelled nuts, dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products, are stated at the lower of cost &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(first-in,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;first-out)&lt;/div&gt; and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. Inventory costs are reviewed at least quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans, peanuts, walnuts, almonds, cashews and other nuts may affect the value of inventory, gross profit and gross profit margin. When net realizable values move below costs, we record adjustments to write down the carrying values of inventories to the lower of cost &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;(first-in,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;first-out)&lt;/div&gt; and net realizable value. The results of our shelling process can also result in changes to inventory costs, such as adjustments made &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;pursuant&lt;/div&gt; to actual versus expected crop yields. We maintain significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell pecans, peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based on our inventory systems and are subject to quarterly physical verification techniques including observation, weighing and other methods. The quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen-month period, at which time revisions to any estimates&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;,&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=text-decoration: underline; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Property, Plant and Equipment &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Major improvements that extend the useful life, add capacity or add functionality are capitalized and charged to expense through depreciation. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense as incurred. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is recognized currently in operating income. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Depreciation expense for the last three fiscal years is as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 67%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Depreciation expense for the last three fiscal years is as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 67%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Cost is depreciated using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 68%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 76%; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 9%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 238

 238
&lt;div style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;&lt;div style=text-decoration: underline; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Goodwill &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Goodwill currently represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets from our &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;acquisition &lt;/div&gt;of Squirrel Brand, L.P. which closed in November 2017. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested annually as of the last day of each fiscal year for impairment, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of the reporting unit is greater than its fair value. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include deterioration in general economic conditions, adverse changes in the markets in which we operate, increases in input costs that have negative effects on earnings and cash flows, or a trend of negative or declining cash flows over multiple periods, among others. The fair value that could be realized in an actual transaction may differ from that used to evaluate the impairment of goodwill. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;In testing goodwill for impairment, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not (more than 50%) that the estimated fair value of our single reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we elect to perform a qualitative assessment and determine that an impairment is more likely than not, we are then required to perform a quantitative impairment test, otherwise no further analysis is required. We also may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment and, instead, proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 6pt; padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;Under the goodwill qualitative assessment, various events and circumstances that would affect the estimated fair value of our single reporting unit are identified (similar to impairment indicators above). During fiscal 2020 we elected to perform a qualitative impairment test which showed no indicators of goodwill impairment, despite the market uncertainty surrounding the impact of &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;COVID-19&lt;/div&gt; on the economy.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 6pt; padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=text-decoration: underline; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#x201c;FASB&#x201d;) defines fair value as the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value into three broad levels: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px; table-layout: fixed;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3.8%; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Level&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 10pt;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;1- Quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical assets and liabilities. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px; table-layout: fixed;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3.8%; vertical-align: top; white-space: nowrap;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Level&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 10pt;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;2- Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets. For example, &lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;quoted &lt;/div&gt;prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in inactive markets. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px; table-layout: fixed;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3.9%; vertical-align: top;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Level&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 10pt; white-space: nowrap;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; white-space: nowrap;;display:inline;&gt;3- Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data available. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;font-size: 10pt;margin-top: 6pt;margin-bottom: 6pt;padding-top: 0pt;padding-bottom: 0pt;line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The carrying values of cash, trade accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their fair values at June&#160;25, 2020 and June&#160;27, 2019 because of the short-term maturities and nature of these balances. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 6pt; padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The carrying value of our Credit Facility (as defined in Note 6 &#x2014; &#x201c;Revolving Credit Facility&#x201d; in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements below) borrowings approximates fair value at June&#160;25, 2020 because interest rates on this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2 criteria), the short-term maturity and nature of this balance. In addition, there has been no significant change in our inherent credit risk. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;font-size: 10pt;margin-top: 12pt;/* margin-bottom: 12pt; */padding-top: 0pt;padding-bottom: 0pt;line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value estimate of our current and long-term debt, excluding unamortized debt issuance costs: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;div style=width: 8.5in; text-align: left; margin-right: auto; margin-left: auto;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 80%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;font-size: 10pt;margin-top: 12pt;/* margin-bottom: 12pt; */padding-top: 0pt;padding-bottom: 0pt;line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value estimate of our current and long-term debt, excluding unamortized debt issuance costs: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;div style=width: 8.5in; text-align: left; margin-right: auto; margin-left: auto;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 80%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 6pt; padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=text-decoration: underline; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Revenue Recognition &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'
&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 6pt; padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=text-decoration: underline; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Marketing and Advertising Costs &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Marketing and advertising costs are incurred to promote and support branded products in the &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;consumer &lt;/div&gt;distribution channel. These costs are generally expensed as incurred, recorded in selling expenses and were as follows for the last three fiscal years: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 68%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; font-size: 1pt; line-height: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 1pt;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; font-size: 1pt; line-height: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 1pt;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; font-size: 1pt; line-height: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 1pt;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
These costs are generally expensed as incurred, recorded in selling expenses and were as follows for the last three fiscal years:
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 68%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; font-size: 1pt; line-height: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 1pt;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; font-size: 1pt; line-height: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 1pt;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); padding-top: 0pt; padding-bottom: 0pt; font-size: 1pt; line-height: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 1pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 1pt;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 1pt; font-size: 1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=text-decoration: underline; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Shipping and handling costs, which include freight and other expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment, are included in selling expenses. Shipping and handling costs for the last three fiscal years were as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 70%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
Shipping and handling costs for the last three fiscal years were as follows:
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 70%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=text-decoration: underline; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Research and Development Expenses &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Research and development expense represents the cost of our research and development personnel and their related expenses and is charged to selling expenses as incurred. Research and development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 70%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
Research and development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as follows:
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 70%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=text-decoration: underline; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Earnings per Share &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Basic earnings per common share are calculated using the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock and Class&#160;A Stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue Common Stock were exercised or converted into Common Stock or resulted in the issuance of Common Stock. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted earnings per share: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 64%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,463,968&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,430,174&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,383,080&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;72,823&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;71,238&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;66,306&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 64%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,536,791&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,501,412&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,449,386&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 64%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

 0

 0

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted earnings per share: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 64%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,463,968&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,430,174&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,383,080&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-bottom: 0px; margin-top: 0px; line-height: normal;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;72,823&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;71,238&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;66,306&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 64%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,536,791&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,501,412&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;11,449,386&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 64%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive awards excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 68%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;NOTE 2 &#x2014; REVENUE RECOGNITION &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;We recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that &lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;reflects &lt;/div&gt;the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. For each customer contract, a five-step process is followed in which we identify the contract, identify performance obligations, determine the transaction price, allocate the contract transaction price to the performance obligations, and recognize the revenue when (or as) the performance obligation is transferred to the customer. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Nature of Products &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;We manufacture and sell the following: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 10pt;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;branded products under our own proprietary brands to retailers on a national basis; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 10pt;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;private label products to retailers, such as supermarkets, mass merchandisers, and specialty retailers, for resale under the retailers&#x2019; own or controlled labels; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 10pt;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;private label and branded products to the foodservice industry, including foodservice distributors and national restaurant operators; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;branded products under &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;co-pack&lt;/div&gt; agreements to other major branded companies for their distribution; and &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; font-size: 10pt;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;products to our industrial customer base for repackaging in portion control packages and for use as ingredients by other food manufacturers. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;When Performance Obligations Are Satisfied &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account for revenue recognition. A contract&#x2019;s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. The Company&#x2019;s performance obligations are primarily for the delivery of raw and processed recipe and snack nuts, nut butters and trail mixes. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Our customer contracts do not include more than one performance obligation. If a contract were to contain more than one performance obligation, we are required to allocate the contract&#x2019;s transaction price to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. The standalone selling price for each distinct good is generally determined by directly observable data. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Revenue recognition is generally completed at a point in time when product control is transferred to the customer. For virtually all of our revenues, control transfers to the customer when the product is shipped or delivered to the customer based upon applicable shipping terms, as the customer can then direct the use and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the asset at that point in time. Therefore the timing of our revenue recognition requires little judgment. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The performance obligations in our contracts are satisfied within one year, and typically much less. As such, we have not disclosed the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations for any periods presented. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Significant Payment Terms &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Our customer contracts identify the product, quantity, price, payment and final delivery terms. Payment terms usually include early pay discounts. We grant payment terms consistent with industry standards. On a limited basis some payment terms may be extended, however, no payment terms beyond six months are granted at contract inception. The average customer payment is received within approximately 30 days of the invoice date. As a result, we do not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component because the period between our transfer of a promised good or service to a customer and the customer&#x2019;s payment for that good or service will be six months or less. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Shipping &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;All shipping and handling costs associated with outbound freight are accounted for as fulfillment costs and are included in selling expense. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Variable Consideration &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Some of our products are sold through specific incentive programs consisting of promotional allowances, volume and customer rebates, &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;in-store&lt;/div&gt; display incentives and marketing allowances, among others, to consumer and some commercial ingredient customers. The ultimate cost of these programs is dependent on certain factors such as actual purchase volumes or customer activities and is dependent on significant management estimate and judgment. The Company accounts for these programs as variable consideration and recognizes a reduction in revenue (and a corresponding reduction in the transaction price) in the same period as the underlying program based upon the terms of the specific arrangements.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Trade promotions, consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances, merchandising funds and consumer coupons, are also offered through various programs to customers and consumers. A provision for estimated trade promotions is recorded as a reduction of revenue (and a reduction in the transaction price) in the same period when the sale is recognized. Revenues are also recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past experiences. Evaluating these estimates requires management judgment. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;We generally use the most likely amount method to determine the variable consideration. We believe there will not be significant changes to our estimates of variable consideration when any related uncertainties are resolved with our customers. The Company reviews and updates its estimates and related accruals of variable consideration and trade promotions at least quarterly based on the terms of the agreements and historical experience. Any uncertainties in the ultimate resolution of variable consideration due to factors outside of the Company&#x2019;s influence are typically resolved within a short timeframe, therefore, no additional constraint on the variable consideration is required. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Product Returns &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;While customers generally have the right to return defective or &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-conforming&lt;/div&gt; products, past experience has demonstrated that product returns have generally been immaterial. Customer remedies may include either a cash refund or an exchange of the returned product. As a result, the right of return and related refund liability for &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-conforming&lt;/div&gt; or defective goods is estimated and recorded as a reduction in revenue, if necessary.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Contract Balances &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Contract assets or liabilities result from transactions with revenue recorded over time. If the measure of remaining rights exceeds the measure of the remaining performance obligations, the Company records a contract asset. Conversely, if the measure of the remaining performance obligations exceeds the measure of the remaining rights, the Company records a contract liability. There was no contract asset balance at June&#160;25, 2020. The contract asset balances at June&#160;27, 2019 was $117 and is recorded in the caption &#x201c;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&#x201d; on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company generally does not have material deferred revenue or contract liability balances arising from transactions with customers. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Contract Costs &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The Company does not incur significant fulfillment costs requiring capitalization. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Disaggregation of Revenue &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Revenue disaggregated by distribution channel is as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 78%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Revenue disaggregated by distribution channel is as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 78%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 serif; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 3%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 51%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 238

 0

 238

 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;The following table provides supplemental information related to operating lease &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;right-of-use&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; assets and liabilities:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 92%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 35%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; vertical-align: bottom;/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%; vertical-align: bottom;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 51%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: pre-wrap;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom;;text-align:center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;June&#160;25,&#160;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;;text-align:center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Affected&#160;Line&#160;Item&#160;in&#160;Consolidated&#160;Balance&#160;Sheet&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 3%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 51%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following tables summarize the Company&#x2019;s total lease costs and other information arising from operating lease transactions: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 68%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 79%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: 12pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Supplemental cash flow and other information related to leases was as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 68%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 83%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 11%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 68%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 85%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 13%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Maturities of operating lease liabilities as of June&#160;25, 2020 are as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 68%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 90%; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;As the Company has not recast prior year information for its adoption of Topic 842, the following presents its future minimum lease payments for operating leases under Topic 840 on June&#160;27, 2019: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 68%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 90%; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Leasing revenue is as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 68%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 79%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;The future minimum, undiscounted cash flows under &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-cancelable&lt;/div&gt; tenant operating leases for each of the next five years and thereafter is presented below and is materially &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;consistent &lt;/div&gt;with our previous accounting under Topic 840.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 68%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 90%; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;NOTE 4 &#x2014; INVENTORIES &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Inventories consist of the following: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 78%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Inventories consist of the following: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 78%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;NOTE 5 &#x2013; GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Intangible assets subject to amortization consist of the following: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 73%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 6%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
Intangible assets subject to amortization consist of the following:
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 73%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 6%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Total amortization expense related to intangible assets, which is classified in administrative expense in the Consolidated Statement of &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Comprehensive&lt;/div&gt; Income, was as follows for the last three fiscal years: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 70%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Expected amortization expense the next five fiscal years is as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 68%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 91%; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 238

 238
The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the two fiscal years ended June&#160;25, 2020 are as follows:
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 68%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 88%; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;NOTE 6 &#x2014; REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;On March&#160;5, 2020, we entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the &#x201c;Amended and Restated Credit Agreement&#x201d;) which amended and restated our Credit Agreement dated as of February&#160;7, 2008 (the &#x201c;Former Credit Agreement&#x201d;). The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement provides for a $117,500 senior secured revolving credit facility (the &#x201c;Credit Facility&#x201d;) with the same borrowing capacity, interest rates and applicable margin as the Former Credit Agreement and extends the term of the Former Credit Agreement from July&#160;7, 2021 to March&#160;5, 2025. The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all our assets other than machinery and equipment, real property and fixtures. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Enhanced features for the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement include, but are not limited to, the additions and amendments listed below: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top;;text-align:left;&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; vertical-align: top; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The maximum incremental revolver was increased to $50,000. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top;;text-align:left;&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; vertical-align: top; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The purchase-money and capital lease basket was increased to $10,000. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top;;text-align:left;&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; vertical-align: top; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A new basket for unsecured subordinated indebtedness of $10,000 and a new basket for additional unsecured indebtedness of $20,000 were added. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top;;text-align:left;&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; vertical-align: top;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;For permitted acquisitions, a new two-tier alternative test was added. For any acquisition by the Company, either (a) revolver availability plus unrestricted cash must be equal to or greater than $20,000 after giving effect to the acquisition, or (b) revolver availability plus unrestricted cash must be equal to or greater than $15,000 and the pro forma fixed charge coverage ratio must be equal to or greater than 1.00:1.00, in each case after giving effect to the acquisition.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 6pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border: 0px currentcolor; width: 100%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: top;;text-align:left;&gt;&#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; vertical-align: top; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top;;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: left; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The aggregate amount of dividends and distribution permitted in any fiscal year was increased to $75,000, subject to the same existing conditions of no defaults and a minimum excess availability of $30,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 serif; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;NOTE 7 &#x2014; LONG-TERM DEBT &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Long-term debt consists of the following: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 79%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0


 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Long-term debt consists of the following: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 79%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Aggregate maturities of long-term debt are as follows for the fiscal years ending: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 68%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 88%; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;NOTE 8 &#x2014; INCOME TAXES &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The provision for income taxes is based entirely on income before income taxes earned in the United States, and is as follows for the last three fiscal years: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 72%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom;/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom;/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom;/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238
The provision for income taxes is based entirely on income before income taxes earned in the United States, and is as follows for the last three fiscal years:
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 72%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom;/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom;/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom;/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;
&lt;td/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The reconciliations of income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate to income tax expense reported in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the last three fiscal years are as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 75%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 6%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the following:
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 79%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 6%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 75%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 6%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits, that if recognized, would affect the annual effective tax rate on income from continuing operations, are as follows: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;NOTE 11 &#x2014; STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;At our annual meeting of stockholders on October&#160;29, 2014, our stockholders approved a new equity incentive plan (the &#x201c;2014 Omnibus Plan&#x201d;) under which awards of options and other stock-based awards may be made to employees, officers or &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-employee&lt;/div&gt; directors of our Company. A total of 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock are authorized for grants of awards thereunder, which may be in the form of options, restricted stock, RSUs, stock appreciation rights (&#x201c;SARs&#x201d;), performance shares, performance units, Common Stock or dividends and dividend equivalents. As of June&#160;25, 2020, there were 719,269 shares of Common Stock that remained authorized for future grants of awards, subject to the limitations set below. Under the terms of the Omnibus Plan, the total number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which options or SARs may be granted in any calendar year to any participant may not exceed 500,000 shares (this limit applies separately with respect to each type of award). Additionally, under the terms of the 2014 Omnibus Plan, for awards of restricted stock, RSUs, performance shares or other stock-based awards that are intended to qualify as performance-based compensation: (i)&#160;the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be granted in any calendar year to any participant may not exceed 250,000 shares (this limit applies separately to each type of award) and (ii)&#160;the maximum amount that may be paid to any participant for awards that are payable in cash or property other than Common Stock in any calendar year is $5,000. During fiscal 2017, the Board of Directors adopted an equity grant cap which further restricted the number of awards that could be made to any one participant or in the aggregate. The equity grant cap limited the number of awards to 250,000 awards to all participants and 20,000 awards to any one participant&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'
 serif; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255); letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;in a fiscal year.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following is a summary of stock option activity for the year ended June&#160;25, 2020: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 92%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 63%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 6%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 6%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 6%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table summarizes the total intrinsic value of all options exercised and the total cash received from the exercise of options for the last three fiscal years: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 69%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 7%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following is a summary of RSU activity for the year ended June&#160;25, 2020: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 79%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table summarizes compensation cost charged to earnings for all equity compensation plans and the total income tax benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 70%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;NOTE 12 &#x2014; CASH DIVIDENDS &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Our Board of Directors declared the following cash dividends payable in &lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;fiscal &lt;/div&gt;2020 and fiscal 2019:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 92%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 68%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:16%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:4%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:3%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:3%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 3%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 0.7pt;;text-align:center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 1pt; line-height: normal; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;div style=text-decoration:underline;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Declaration Date&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;text-align:center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Record Date&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);;text-align:center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Total&lt;br/&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;text-align:center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Payment Date&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Our Board of Directors declared the following cash dividends payable in &lt;div style=display:inline;&gt;fiscal &lt;/div&gt;2020 and fiscal 2019:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 92%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 68%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:16%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:4%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:3%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:3%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 3%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 0.7pt;;text-align:center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 1pt; line-height: normal; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;div style=text-decoration:underline;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Declaration Date&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;text-align:center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Record Date&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0);;text-align:center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Total&lt;br/&gt;Amount&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;text-align:center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Payment Date&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;NOTE 13 &#x2014; EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;We maintain a contributory plan established pursuant to the provisions of section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan provides retirement benefits for all nonunion employees meeting minimum age and service requirements. We currently match 100% of the first &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:hidden14547938&gt;three&lt;/span&gt; percent contributed by each employee and 50% of the next &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:hidden14547939&gt;two&lt;/span&gt; percent contributed, up to certain maximums specified in the plan. Expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the last three fiscal years: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 70%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 0

 0

 238
Expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the last three fiscal years:
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 70%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The total Route pension liability was as follows for the last two fiscal years: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 82%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;NOTE 14 &#x2014; RETIREMENT PLAN &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;The Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (&#x201c;SERP&#x201d;) is an unfunded, &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;non-qualified&lt;/div&gt; benefit plan that will provide eligible participants with monthly benefits upon retirement, disability or death, subject to certain conditions. Benefits paid to retirees are based on age at retirement, years of credited service, and average compensation. We use our fiscal &lt;div style=white-space: nowrap; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;year-end&lt;/div&gt; as the measurement date for the obligation calculation. Accounting guidance in ASC Topic 715, &lt;div style=font-style: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-style:italic;display:inline;&gt;Compensation &#x2014; Retirement Benefits&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;, requires the recognition of the funded status of the SERP on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Actuarial gains or losses, prior service costs or credits and transition obligations that have not yet been recognized are recorded as a component of &#x201c;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&#x201d; (&#x201c;AOCL&#x201d;).&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table presents the changes in the projected benefit obligation for the fiscal years ended: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 79%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

serif&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'

 0
 0);;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;June&#160;25,&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; width: 11%; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;June&#160;27,&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 0
 0);;text-align:center;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;June&#160;25,&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;text-align:center;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;June&#160;27,&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;text-align:center;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;June&#160;28,&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 0

 238

 238

 238

 0

 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table presents the changes in the projected benefit obligation for the fiscal years ended: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 79%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;Components of the actuarial loss (gain) portion of the change in projected benefit obligation are presented below for the fiscal years ended: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The components of the net periodic pension cost are as follows for the fiscal years ended: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;We used the following assumptions to &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;calculate &lt;/div&gt;the benefit obligation of our SERP as of the following dates&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;div style=width: 8.5in; text-align: left; margin-right: auto; margin-left: auto;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 74%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;June&#160;25,&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; width: 11%; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;June&#160;27,&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 0
 0);;text-align:center;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;June&#160;25,&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;text-align:center;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;June&#160;27,&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; width: 2%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
 0);;text-align:center;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;June&#160;28,&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table presents the benefits expected to be paid in the next ten fiscal years: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 68%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 90%; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 6%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 238

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table presents the components of AOCL that have not yet been recognized in net pension expense: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 80%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;NOTE 15 &#x2014; ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;LOSS&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The table below sets forth the changes to accumulated other comprehensive loss (&#x201c;AOCL&#x201d;) for the last two fiscal years. These changes are all related to our defined benefit pension plan. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 81%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; text-align: center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Changes to AOCL &lt;div style=font-size: 5.92pt; vertical-align: top; line-height: 4.3808pt;;display:inline;&gt;(a)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0
 0);;text-align:center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Affected line item in&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;the&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Consolidated&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Statements of&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Comprehensive&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The table below sets forth the changes to accumulated other comprehensive loss (&#x201c;AOCL&#x201d;) for the last two fiscal years. These changes are all related to our defined benefit pension plan. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 81%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; text-align: center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Changes to AOCL &lt;div style=font-size: 5.92pt; vertical-align: top; line-height: 4.3808pt;;display:inline;&gt;(a)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;div style=width: 8.5in; text-align: left; margin-right: auto; margin-left: auto;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 12pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss for the last two fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px;/&gt;&lt;div style=clear: both; max-height: 0px; background: none;/&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Reclassifications from AOCL to earnings &lt;div style=font-size: 5.92pt; vertical-align: top; line-height: 4.3808pt;;display:inline;&gt;(c)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0
 0);;text-align:center;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Affected line item in&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;the&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Consolidated&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Statements of&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Comprehensive&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;Income&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;NOTE 16 &#x2014; TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED &lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;PARTIES&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;In addition to the related party transactions described in Note 7, we also purchased materials from a company that until July 2017 was owned by three members of our Board of Directors, two of whom are also executive officers, and individuals directly related to them. Purchases from this related party aggregated to the following for the years ending: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
we also purchased materials from a company that until July 2017 was owned by three members of our Board of Directors, two of whom are also executive officers, and individuals directly related to them. Purchases from this related party aggregated to the following for the years ending:
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 8pt; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 76%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.7pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;NOTE 17 &#x2014; PRODUCT TYPE SALES MIX &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of total gross sales. The information is based upon gross sales, rather than net sales, because certain adjustments, such as promotional discounts, are not allocable to product types, for the fiscal year ended: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 75%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of total gross sales. The information is based upon gross sales, rather than net sales, because certain adjustments, such as promotional discounts, are not allocable to product types, for the fiscal year ended: &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 84%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 75%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 5%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 4%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 238

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 18pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;NOTE 18 &#x2014; VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table details the activity in various allowance and reserve accounts. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 92%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:61%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:5%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:5%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:5%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:4%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;&#160;6,032&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;&#160;42,895&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;&#160;(42,084)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;&#160;6,843&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:61%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;270&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;150&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&#160; &#160;(70)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;350&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;950&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;14,721&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(14,746&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;)&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;925&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;5,038&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;24,581&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(24,862&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;)&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;4,757&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;112&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(112&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;)&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:61%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;6,370&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;39,452&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(39,790)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;6,032&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:61%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;263&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;52&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(45)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;270&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;850&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;13,889&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(13,789&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;)&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;950&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;2,979&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;22,420&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(20,361&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;)&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;5,038&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(59&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;)&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;112&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:61%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;4,263&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;36,361&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(34,254)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;6,370&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:61%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following table details the activity in various allowance and reserve accounts. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 92%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:61%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:5%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:5%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:5%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;;width:4%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: 'Times New Roman';/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 0.5pt;;width:;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;&#160;6,032&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;&#160;42,895&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;&#160;(42,084)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;&#160;6,843&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:61%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;270&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;150&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&#160; &#160;(70)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;350&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;950&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;14,721&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(14,746&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;)&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;925&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;5,038&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;24,581&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(24,862&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;)&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;4,757&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;112&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(112&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;)&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:61%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;6,370&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;39,452&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(39,790)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;6,032&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:61%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;263&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;52&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(45)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;270&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;850&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;13,889&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(13,789&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;)&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;950&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;2,979&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;22,420&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(20,361&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;)&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;5,038&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(59&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;)&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;112&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:61%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;4,263&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;36,361&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;(34,254)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);;text-align:right;&gt;6,370&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 1px;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:61%;/&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:5%;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);;width:4%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 0); line-height: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-weight:bold;display:inline;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;NOTE 19 &#x2014; SUPPLEMENTARY QUARTERLY DATA (Unaudited) &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following unaudited quarterly consolidated financial data are presented for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019. Quarterly financial results necessarily rely on estimates and caution is required in drawing specific conclusions from quarterly consolidated results. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 92%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 64%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 238

 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 238
&lt;div style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;The following unaudited quarterly consolidated financial data are presented for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019. Quarterly financial results necessarily rely on estimates and caution is required in drawing specific conclusions from quarterly consolidated results. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=font-size: 12pt; letter-spacing: 0px; top: 0px;;display:inline;&gt;&#160;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0px auto; border: 0px currentcolor; width: 92%; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px;&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-size: 0px;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 64%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%; vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;
&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 8pt; page-break-inside: avoid;&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';;width:;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.5pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman';;width:;&gt;&#160;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 238

 0

 0

 0

 0

 238

 238

 238

 238

 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_SecurityExchangeName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_Security12bTitle'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFileNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CityAreaCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LocalPhoneNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentAnnualReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentTransitionReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=jbss_NoncumulativeCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_FurnitureAndLeaseholdImprovements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_VehiclesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RentalInvestmentPropertyNetOfAccumulatedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_CashSurrenderValueOfOfficersLifeInsuranceAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=jbss_NoncumulativeCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RealEstateInvestmentPropertyAccumulatedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsCurrentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=jbss_NoncumulativeCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RentalAndMiscellaneousExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ReclassificationFromAociToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingActivitiesCashFlowStatement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfBankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_SupplementalDisclosuresOfNonCashInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionDebtAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAssetsRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 2%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 2%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 2%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock'

<td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'
<div style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RevolvingCreditFacilityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RevolvingCreditFacilityTextBlock'
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'
<div style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
-year term at a fair market value rent with three five-year renewal options. In September 2015, we signed a lease renewal which exercised two five-year renewal options and extended the term of our Selma lease to September 18, 2026. The lease extension also reduced the base monthly lease amount to $103, beginning in September 2016. One five-year renewal option remains. Also, we currently have the option to purchase the properties from the <div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'

<td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FederalHomeLoanBanksAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
 directors of our Company. A total of 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock are authorized for grants of awards thereunder, which may be in the form of options, restricted stock, RSUs, stock appreciation rights (&#8220;SARs&#8221;), performance shares, performance units, Common Stock or dividends and dividend equivalents. As of June&#160;25, 2020, there were 719,269 shares of Common Stock that remained authorized for future grants of awards, subject to the limitations set below. Under the terms of the Omnibus Plan, the total number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which options or SARs may be granted in any calendar year to any participant may not exceed 500,000 shares (this limit applies separately with respect to each type of award). Additionally, under the terms of the 2014 Omnibus Plan, for awards of restricted stock, RSUs, performance shares or other stock-based awards that are intended to qualify as performance-based compensation: (i)&#160;the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be granted in any calendar year to any participant may not exceed 250,000 shares (this limit applies separately to each type of award) and (ii)&#160;the maximum amount that may be paid to any participant for awards that are payable in cash or property other than Common Stock in any calendar year is $5,000. During fiscal 2017, the Board of Directors adopted an equity grant cap which further restricted the number of awards that could be made to any one participant or in the aggregate. The equity grant cap limited the number of awards to 250,000 awards to all participants and 20,000 awards to any one participant<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'
<div style=background-color: rgb(255
 255
<div style=background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DividendsTextBlock'

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PostemploymentBenefitsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top:12.0pt; margin-right:0in; margin-bottom:.0001pt; margin-left:0in; font-family:'Times New Roman'
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; width: 11%; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeSalesMixTextBlock'
<div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DamageFromFireInBusinessUnitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DisclosureOfFireNoteOnBusinessUnitTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy'
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_FacilityConsolidationProjectAndRealEstateTransactionsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorCustomersPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShippingAndHandlingChargePolicyTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 2%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 2%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 2%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfDepreciationExpensesTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'
<div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCarryingValuesAndEstimatedFairValuesOfDebtInstrumentsTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfAdvertisingExpensesTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfShippingAndHandlingCostsTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfWeightedAverageNumberOfSharesTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 2%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 2%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; width: 2%; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=6 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_OperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCostTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_OperatingLeasesCashFlowRelatedInformationTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_OtherInformationRelatedToOperatingLeaseTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock'

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_OperatingLeaseRevenueTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityTableTextBlock'

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=10 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsTabletextblock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGrantDateIntrinsicValueTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsDeclaredTableTextBlock'

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PostemploymentBenefitsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_EmployeesBenefitPlanExpenseTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiabilityTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfActuarialGainLossInProjectedBenefitObligationTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; width: 11%; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostNotYetRecognizedTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesTableTextBlock'
<div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 1px solid rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<div style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-top: 3px double rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsTableTextBlock'
<div style=font-family: 'Times New Roman'; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; border-bottom: 1pt solid rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; white-space: nowrap; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 0

<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; background-color: rgb(255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238

<tr style=font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: 10pt; page-break-inside: avoid; background-color: rgb(204
 238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PeriodToShellBulkStoredNutInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfIndividualTaxPositionMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationLikelihoodOfUnfavorableSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AnnualInventoryPercentageRevisionEstimate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfCustomersExceedingTenPercentOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=jbss_ElginSiteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfRentableAreaCurrentlyVacant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfBuildingsLocatedOnSite'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfBuildingNotBuiltOut'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShippingAndHandlingCostsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AntiDilutiveSharesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_WeightedAverageExercisePriceOfAntiDilutiveOptionsOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ContractWthCustomerTimingOfSatisfactionOfPerformance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelAxis=us-gaap_SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelAxis=jbss_SalesChannelCommercialIngredientsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelAxis=jbss_SalesChannelContractPackagingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_OperatingLeasesNotYetCommenced'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RentalIncomeNonoperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLeaseNotYetCommencedTermOfContract1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_OperatingLeaseRemainingLeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLeaseNotYetCommencedTermOfContract1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=jbss_OperatingLeaserightOfUseassetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=jbss_NonCurrentOperatingLeaseLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableLeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_OperatingLeaseCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasePayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_OperatingLeasesNoncashActivityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsRemainderOfFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLeaseIncomeLeasePayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedRemainderOfFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsAndWorkInProcessNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=jbss_SquirrelBrandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccumulatedAmortizationAndImpairmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccumulatedAmortizationAndImpairmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccumulatedAmortizationAndImpairmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccumulatedAmortizationAndImpairmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseCurrentAndFiveSucceedingFiscalYearsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=jbss_TierOneAlternativeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_LineOfCreditCovenantOfRevolverAndUnrestrictedCashAfterAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=jbss_TierTwoAlternativeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_LineOfCreditCovenantOfRevolverAndUnrestrictedCashAfterAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCovenantTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatutoryAccountingPracticesStatutoryAmountAvailableForDividendPaymentsWithoutRegulatoryApproval'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ExcessCreditAvailability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_LineOfCreditCovenantMinimumAvailabilityOfRevolverAndUnrestrictedCashAfterProposedInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncreasedThresholdExclusionOfDividendsAndDistributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MinimumLoanAvailabilityRequiredBeforeFixedChargeCoverageRatioCovenantIsApplicable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=jbss_PromissoryNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItemsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItemsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItemsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItemsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertySoldToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_LeasePeriodForRenewalOptionDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_InitialLeaseTermForFairMarketValueRent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfPurchasePriceOnFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfPurchasePriceOnFairValueIncErtainCircumstances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MinimumRepurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_UnsecuredPromissoryNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItemsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEffectiveDateOfAcquisition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredAcquisitionFinancing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredPromissoryNoteTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredPromissoryNoteInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtInstrumentIncreaseInInterestRateInCaseOfDefault'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItemsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NetWorthToBeMaintainedSpecifiedUnderMortgageFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PledgedAssetsNotSeparatelyReportedOnStatementOfFinancialPosition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtLongTermAndShortTermCombinedAmountNetOfUnamortizedDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_UnsecuredPromissoryNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_UnsecuredPromissoryNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtInstrumentPaymentCommencementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationDueInInstallmentsThroughSeptemberOneTwoThousandThirtyOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=jbss_SquirrelBrandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtInstrumentPaymentCommencementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncometaxdisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_StateAxis=stpr_IL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncometaxdisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_StateAxis=stpr_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncometaxdisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncometaxdisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliation162MLimitationPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrentClassificationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_Deferredtaxassetstaxdeferredexpensereservesandaccrualsallowancefordoubtfulaccountsnoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalizedLeasesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=jbss_NoncumulativeCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_StockholdersEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RightOfElectingMembersOfBoardOfDirectorsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfNoncumulativeVotingPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_StockholdersEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ConvertibleNumberOfCommonShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfVotingPerShareOnOtherMatters'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumAmountOfOptionsOrStockAppreciationRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumAmountPayableInCashAndProperty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantedExercisablePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis=jbss_AwardsToAllParticipantsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityinstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_SharebasedcompensationarrangementbyshareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingNumberVestedAndDeferred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=jbss_OtherStockBasedAwardsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfDividendsPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_SpecialDividendAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAndDefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PaymentToLaborers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameAxis=jbss_EmployeeContributionFirstThreePercentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAndDefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameAxis=jbss_EmployeeContributionNextTwoPercentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAndDefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_K401PlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiabilityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCreditNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfActuarialGainLossInProjectedBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeInAssumedPayIncreasesImpactingActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeInDiscountRateImpactingActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeInMortalityAssumptionImpactingActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ActuarialGainLossOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanDescriptionOfBonusPaymentBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MortalityMorbidityAndSurrenderRateAssumption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanDescriptionOfBonusPaymentNetPeriodicCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureBenefitPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ReclassificationFromAociToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetPriorServiceCostCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetUnamortizedGainLossMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_PeanutsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_PecansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_CashewsAndMixedNutsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_WalnutsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_AlmondsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_TrailAndSnackMixesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_OtherProductMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=jbss_ReserveForCashDiscountsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=jbss_ReserveForCustomerDeductionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentOfDecreaseInWeightedAverageSellingPricePerPound'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_FireNotelineItemsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_CostsIncurredRelatedExtraordinaryFireEvent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=us-gaap_DamageFromFireExplosionOrOtherHazardMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_FireNotelineItemsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemInsuranceProceeds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_SpecialDividendAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear'

begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( V$U$'04UB@0   +$    0    9&]C4')O<',O87!P+GAM
M;$V./0L


STA)8*O4'J@)I9GF






M)N4U#K^RE72*N&:7R1^+QZ?-






B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1








M







_#


9FV-J/D3@H\W/[O#;#Q([A[8N_ 5!+ P04
M  M@A-178:'$R



MW^](*Z+3R2=M0/


J5AD1/+5

4&Z%N#
WL^BDY1E&/.&A-A 

M)

TXW/13H/-.Q?B+7?!TK+1FX;L[2RN55 [2<S]FE[/%XHJ\OWHW

=RP#






V25&S2D_Q:6ZH+;(;Y


DG=331E)_PQ[)+ *QCU=QN#O_(3[$
M(0



















%_%


MV^QBREU102

FQ!FW&A
DPP'&7-&$\)'!]



DBAV;A.P5

!5A8SN1*H2K_;D41


-\TZS

M?O:

815HLHB&E/0S(HL9(]R56E!-+'JD


=M9P5



&H[
_X1K
KT;_^O7N^M/EP^3
MG]IZ?OJ;+XHS33-V[$G7.NO.28YLR:$PS:&^-R5M];IM"-T#@Q',!F1PAW
MA2V]RC
7W5!T$SA*T@24E6X4GMF.78D+# VOLV.1A%V)(E
XY'Y\;A_Q+=]
M2B17X!?+YIGY!L*GXX22F:@YB4.#2#8S1ET1BVDB







P[J/0
M#WV'^^P6]\2X!VG3W0/]=1+.@FAC1==B/? 8#5;Y5 7:7*I5Z7#)98)DH.
MB3!/ZQM)



3N #2
M/3J3X+ *PB!TBXAJ$5&GB%F55ECGNI144Z(


MN



4*
;(&3_\^



M+GAM;)59;6_;-A#^*X07#V0QGS1:Y8$2.R]=$WHFG7#\
-S=78J_*HN;O



MI2B+/%



;(K.3.2':F86NJ*\GA)DDP3NG5_'\O@Y8
M',%RG,*6+F])RD;88%P(!!Z2R$;)=JDD1G'AT-&^. D=@@X81^'AV'0D'
M+



HX85.6JUV7BZI-3Z+4V+


'H2 R)

P
(N) Q8F(0U

M8$'*PJD0C9I._*+^=F#AW6NV%I
D
MO*A0M&TXB:7!RP*)GD






MY;=WIZ
Q('!.2/SE.I&,DQBJZ:XD)O.)G2ZK'?H/Y^XWLX^W:LW4H0$K(H
M3JW*XT1B$IAO6)9.9  =HY6?\Z


M*QP#3;)A'5 @:-;M

CH,XV!GNQ;I$9PBSM.9K6  ^U'-#I[!G
M*40%R@JMF('5.+B)KV=#Y^\=?@C8VKT]<TJ66C^ZPVTQ#B*7$$C(T3%P6C8P
M!2D=$:7QI^,,^I .N+_?L7_QVDG+DEN8:OE3%%B.@U' ECQ1N*]WGZ%3L^%
MX\NUM/[+MIUO%+\L:BK#DP95$*U*W_JZK 'B^/ )(.D+P&#(\ !AU@\%[

M@;103]$RO6)37=%-*EV+-\!N5:XK8*=S;LBA!!0YEV?L(WM8S-CIR1D[84*Q




.AX.73K-#3M&S4ZLIW+OX%9BU'R6Y;I1V-Z3WMK/
MJ!O_-%_9)S2[VE'S3-
.OCMNUD)9)F%%E-'Y%:5DVF'2'E#7_GDM-=)C]=N2


MP9;EWXL5I26X3Y.L.)RLRG+]=C8KPA5-2;'/UC3C;Y8L3TG);_/;6;'.*8F$
M49K






(PL/JP
LIV2]DV4O[(JX<XUE*=</ 5AK%R+&D?CL;0_6(.2TQ


-F2/.+T:![&!2U:[D4]






MBKSG^?*


? B4@I5S9]B
MN;0Y'4/U(^IJ _CQ8%)+*%: -@XP /Z#CN!AV:%?Y9:JLJ-7-N6LSRZN\J

M2PU


M]EX'T]0$NBB4;[B/KPEP5Q/@9]8$PRE?X
?6!!J@'^# #P;6&ES5!/TG.Q_/







[N%![;,C%WP1X,57<(,S.-JJG#FURHIRT%H)@51L!AZ
M-^WK26SQ#O=P48WQL0ZF4OY9=?TJ$7V( 0V*L L77&FZ!<RN$83Q7FEZ]

M


ZWJ%&=TSK@]*YI+9=@?ZHH/$V@-


MUEWFQA77O?4Q=I^R6?R3*5O7/55+)C3AL$#)H-7#B%39#LJ)D2M7(.?28+EU








5.E7*S

D+N/+

DN3N!0)F97P 9-:*B*7




MYI./- ^KYF$/&WZ8#U[9XUWS
9[]26[_^O;WC-P^?/M*OMW?/(P?IW=_D/'U
MX_3']'%Z

0;693IO]4-C%%M
MSF_U@@81=PU&&
IQ/8

D55NITHH?
MK


M4BY^#K7L) 1H:3JU1^ZI881JQ_,#9C! 'YYEQ.$% 0^3BCZ
 HZ@\_ZSA?
\
MW/L)RI$AZ]+W0Y,B G,#QV2(H*@3=Q@VL@MY1]SNVW\JGT.)<+M9_L!HR81
M!$;]R+

_X@L&'H
MM:P=$VFDG?9K^_0@$:(=#49]

M;]6RR62^&I:BV+2C*DH)T_
P

M(Y
*(N.NJ?43!






] #
$NOH?2.SK%]F#R%C



 BXY:0(S \]

M%BG



M%IH[XQ
$Q;G747SP)LO@_5G&T9Z3Y@%3\[+(=HEVM4(L=UK%8*(^T? 4_OFG


AU6\;*)C[PEDDQ^X_?G!^P4H*&TA=ZLU


ZKC'?5/O1JW#

K$$




M'#=F;P].R4*I%W=XR$=!Y!)@9EU#(R6-4Y0$=$:?QN.8
NI /N[W?L]UX[
M:5DP@Q

S-
+24DV
.LS;^N(D?'XC?B^%1

71.PE-/@*_
4D&Y&17.P
MJO+-LU66M%OYJNJ)T#W2^5LKN#]#-Z_0O4$L#!!0    ( V$U&J$RZ$
M@1@  




MR?%F4KBYKO#530_+A3



MZR5%5O*_:BECCT;[*JG+JIC[R:!@;G/Y7W_W?&A-.!_LF##R$T9
MVS$5+[6
ME7[UPA5+Y6@T5J








!8JU+9/
GJ

MV:I?+'/L4M;CTJ86F-%3OUW?WZNOV*?&
7KJ[=N; R9K8LL$9*R
=LKD*3;
MF8!



M]AWD./-H\MH38+[#_Y7XDM:.)-Y
8OD;9XL4.MTR^887P1*\S98*3/6@;AQ\





D6<(YW<D=8-K9P$'+LXEU9=6W\ KR9CW?

*+%2T!/2J))P!Z/ 0I%J\\1L?W2D^=


#]3$P#_NQ
MU]UY8'#71&PP$58STANO^A4XW^*JGA ?V8H7U9J7A16P]I*SG_#.F.S6*214
M);MBJ
G$-AO:9&
0/L9G;5

Z


M^VF! S@8J(B/T2A3!1$


_+O1LPH&1[8'IN
MX[ O



5B\7FP?%
M)I$0$3R(#&+LES
V;&]%,=JC_<%<
M%ID)EKNVOP_O?)H15MO(-RBVCO:=%Z-48UU;0-O]'$*%(4R6]/5SHD$-2;
M[Q12A==K_BAJ_O;U_20?9EH.IW-3;1S+XXM07ZII4:1+FV5PP6;*^OTIICP/
M@=F&Q:O(


;
MDA)EE91@NK;?)J?N

M5BS&T/N1!




MD8V)4QG^*EG)

]7B/;F R%5=B#3GR(Q!
M
UHRRU6KROFL
DZEJHQ)

M9@7J8]V

32UH=P%@





M'/8H


T)
M]!
K=JA&M%]1#]K!GVGH/9YWE-O/\48GDFIT6[0?)1H]_ 3_0P4
(O1SXW6H


M@#EXBMR/S9+*+2+_R =8/#2&FO%DH]O



-'2\T8





#8^Q\Q.9WQG;[XP





LZ P6IY:H

M(6KAGZW

FB:

M4%FSX1IY*S.-^2@'A3!)9V;T
S$HWIV_ O=@NNTU$8I^RI3&JRB&$% W=XEI
MH



M7-.=4Y5)9GF1%5

'V(B[1
W?I;8XR?

W@13!P=G)_O*R5_.D_@-O^UBG%15<6</\Z
1E)& _!^4B #
M\%]H@_CG2U[]/U!+ P04      M@A-1'UA)F?T*  J&P  &0   'AL+W=O




[/2KE0

M;F]


MO9
IL%"87H^R).1]%#+=(60R%;_;(BR]NIRE?<%C&!18]:T



MJCEB1Z]DD4.L



M#:J \Y]F1B_87R\N 


MR /73Z=\ZB0U[I
WD$K/*I0_E8O

BZG&)18J:ZEAR'
J[4F_/BH6L8&!JA0
MZF$J*BH#:'+2JB2PW)BUPS^RIJ&)G
);&[!!] ;DB 2HR=K=$?)U'(?B'@LO
M[:J4Q;8Q]?F-L!8I@.DH

MG!V*ZWD7 AOE.



HC@A4](QG]6/7REO#K

*#EX[ELU72Q3X;MAA9V




M$WE2SS
  P6-1RKAX=DC22OHFT'Y X1A3!B(I=T 
LA?81\MG:FM)?;6#Z!+

M0B1149((WX#N/%LIC))-9U:*_%1V&C5R0[FPN^]/YH^E

M#
0AY0%^A!DB!B [/@-SIM.PH^)
!^:;5V8.[6Q?DH







$G:(.?ZU9MU7?]C_?.Q$0'.CRC.%6


Y X
PA^Y#%=^S4E\I
M;/$:ZFCFHB)Z]+6YA7LO#1-@^X0'V-B:8+3&Y*FYZ*A[IS&W910?\=B=79D6

J]X_7]4?M'0/DH)O79(#O'B#9GR'Y


M]

(R'S9K

+&+8W7CZ9H&+I\F0F2QVDT7^E


MYP)P
CD9'!P=B


M970Q

XMB7?TR2 DV9F.D@O2-(6@\4^T!)E



M

M

MI%+C?MG:TP8@CDIC558QPX)
YOZ?/U5Q:#!
^Z\PA!5#Z.SVBIR5[[GEE^=:

MW*X


M7QBKD?S_')$YW


I$JXS]DUF%G[70@H$V9NN5








M5O[5BCI?.,FR.0=.F!#9*2,]26EG/-S$*V?;H0QM=;7.','/6^J4W1]4



9SB:/E3E]UYS-=M

RF@0NLNYP2O!/
0$C:($C&3VUZ3H.W@S(RA7!K
M9HHV==^LMFT??B5/C0JL_:::-Q4N#M+32
6NP3?EG;6NZ;S@F743'A&C8-(
M7)Q==\^@![/7^TM$+P$TZ(R&(ZJ$4U+4NMLOML%LL-\36M_=&DP+S
L7 I$


I''$%0Y
G0
@7=]

!S@(X[L\F[FS(
M1OU)=3)V)R

&S=8:3BL






M970Q
RYX;6R=5$UOVS 

95 4UUE3;0)<*:=J AZ0

M)N18:T/SN JV4CY[(Q5.O-)P@Y)L8Q4/MYP4ODW!%9&3]WG%Z7T@$/SWOV

 [? 9 =@#2ZVT2-RBMJZ'RJ9 W*15LV=VA*;=!6'!/N


LP:#(
_J^!Q\$WMP]+&
#'#V


M/+*'X=B?D+CW9%?GE(G34LD$M88H)'X\(3 9^^$D[IU %!
_'(TM(AK&?D@&
J';#
M6L/(LIGJC31V1YIC;A\E5[ WF=2FKWA$G3/W/P74$L#!!0    ( V$U%0


W*#( FHL4;8LYP;8N2^R2;!.LRB*/M 2;;%+B5Z26L?]^@XI66LG





M1U^F5+



_\62 D4 +J0S_B[ICDDH\







:J V;8*VV?QU4)S

#WG5(CFPKA?RZ+ R0B$?C*
FWU#)XM0







2;\_QXDK)
M5%'F&4'B[XK.J*H8&K\TV%.ABU9</NZ1W\=;(<M2^GHS%2_J]R7QY/G$Y%3

MS%*NO'@M
U4I?W

M=SI_$/'75N^*^4$BYND\?0!O;S!V+^#M?:VQXL_%TGD+BOSUP#;[PS;[89O]

M_A#OM7@K;5:*SEN)6)










M1T=
*




<%Y D'

M
L9OX[8[LUDD*%UUDEWQZ(G;8;J-S^Z%XBX-E^F04(' %B?2#M^L


9)@Q++
+D[$@=R3440/3]

 18MUU)
&R) F_\0*\+XSQ_0UO
'Q0



M*R^EU@P$


MA0CB[

ME)W\12N?/R?Y?36FK#T=&4J6=T%&,8G47YUJ*+_%'$-XTYHGR44)[FZ2-X


M7K#@S$ZH8)8+2OI_9YVE!3+



MX+E7.$_1@!.Z1#\ ':-$=


MSIPYQBVHVTCA.
VJO1EE& ^1#.=8D4[;M2*-:SD5R62:=ONFW8%9)'E6]/8F
MFGQ(XSSO5H[CRHC&XU$/7D$KF




FOG-J\& YNO1<5M7V^$PC]+;2KN\&A6
M [LQ@A=^4U4.TN%P
JBX5+WS4S_WSIR?ZMJ54HEWAMFZJKAYN!2EWI[UDEX[




NARI(M)ZP%9



MIFGDC619/
=D&L_':ZCR2BZTPX;\R)B2^@*BM8

M#K-



M81RGI&/M1EL9T-5*'
(/_**WR*VAO4D0L;M%-\NE\ UU+R'C_H0R

M/B%=-=$R;JV 3101('H!6#LI DH(ZLE_ZR;$!%(
T)B
O:$6G[P
%
\7LM
MX(!')0 *!.

GCF5A3!C-HA8^7GX' 9TRL

:YK*F4$6LA[;^<1R\9CNF9I=%-M2OT@@@TH\@;4\3@;X3J9

M1RGZ(






M-Y_:(6AE^


LXC


MW)
R%%HFZV!BFDG:P7G8-96#!UWOQ_38*LVXK0;C'6NG1#;E*%DKWD#QT(J0

#13Q

X6-!UJNHP0C[Q8- RHF%YY(RL!Q)X5NJL;N0^N\J1.'\

BU'$6DPDEW 3@SH[RC1'$PM-M:)4A^5-5T159_#%]?MM#&:F'
M*N7R00 5/#IK^)DJT4'=U ]^DI ]EB 


MM/



MC^T#^YWOW?:RI!J'DGTK

[L:X[Z?M^%+)M+_#KLIMM@-(

[YE[#!;R%1A3[2^=4







C6GA
969.F[&UJZ-.QX0QIL*T
MU0HS6EDHG0I+KWK9
ZPDXHD:YZ=N&]3?7:B<BN3#*<:3)ZF




M-R'

M5YTV@4LR#LK
:EI-2




]
M(@2K -.55!M$J9:+)+0N:,A4]EAM400?*DH(HV*#0[?WESTA%;E%3[9%)
M@K\0B88'(7.LF2JQ52!RPS2R[+D4A' 6$DEH2JG#E4Y%DA5A/(88K7&!]0M





MFF
;AO(]U9SX,
M1H3:*[I'?^V@$K$\]SR&16UQFC'9
7ZKLE!:^@'/VS2D45#K5S\1JL+=\\X


MV]0WV'/_@502P,$%     @ +8(342K_D.\\ P  ^ 8  !D   !X;]W;W)K





_!\F98V
M?&'?^#(6059;I\L63!&40C4K?VGOX00P3-X!L!; 0MS-02'*!7=\
C)Z#\9[


&=


-





V..UL3]=CNCAJ5#:37JY]^7)8.#2' OA]DV)
MFE:6QA;T]N!JZT*++@5*A!$D5'@T)(W9N.P]S











M

M'4@\BI.D/(SA7EI?4<)L0M:0!J:B*T4H824I]9P\)<DJ

+I]@/]1J7;^[-@T I$!Y-+



V_Z'U!+ P04
M      M@A-1Q385.9$&  #+$   &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M
RYX;6RM&-MRVS;V75]Q1K5WG!E:XE6D'-LSLNON9B=.-'*Z?=C9!XB$)&Q)

M!&=7
\,595'3+N*R';7_;0V6$/(?._@1!V*&3NV7DI/R1679YKM4]:()&





M!*AU*;8M(RPV#F@C3(Z:D30&. EZ-L+PX'UX0+M+:1?

2;



T/LA6C3T O2&'#: !:
MH4$P8^UCRZHF?5&.P/.SR,71G+Y!D+61]170Q1D$
SG$&1?A65GY*
N/H_:



#X&DKX/





MP.5I^];L3_N7^J)]H#Z#M\_\6Z9QN#90\@VB^I
T&8-NG\[MQJK:/5?7RN+C
LT*;Q;:%
)A:Y9-NS8L
MLN!4Y





M():1.J
W5.\TVDF7#ORRW8C[


+GZ-]+C1[G7PV^HFM3OQ0+Q8X'S#@_CHF#JM
MN':#@SS=&


*5JOSR81?D^Y




]
M)RQ7N%BR\09XO] HMMKX +NKZN!?4$L#!!0    ( V$U&7FD8?]@(  'P&

!!^WU]QRJ8]





M.99GS+#91

M6#-E..J);RB-=?;#!G)10P:O0 XN)3I!J6(L+H*8!/_%J2P2/)1? FXD4I


M1:T?1=S-@)%@4J1AJED4KG[391FA#A7?DY$+N)(&870 %0++M(2B5&%*(Q!1
M!QI4G)00*YD#@U#F!1







B6




M\;9]QD0IE:(WR;






2+]1RCX*


MHQ3EAM6RY#4(MKRP

M.^OTA!HOYY4T3]BUL5%D0=Y(Q3==
C+8E'7;TN?.AZ.$Q'TE@70)Q/!N-S(L
MKZBBXY'@.Q Z&M%TQT@UV4BNK/5+F2F!JR7FJ?$CK1K:^E

M9'G.FUI)



UPR6O
(#K#DINJ@85KZB






$Z-R[+8J]@T6AWAE]ZMT)[%:-

L

YV

)H=KMF*7W-WN[XT*(UZE$HT7%FA%1B^



C/<'U[



IWB\$O1EN+]=1+X2C
M


X\F8/N1T
MBLS+LT#F(H6TB(L$.9W&XZ1XE-
D)L@51!MGQ)
Y(X67




$%     @ +8(3470

_M2\#GO/
M))G


M

:FWS
M?_78Z;#G\'KRA

-








M
FWGG] DGY%\F +G;YOD[VLN]P'Z889P[
D*4.HGG0)7@#5V8Z\E(7JQ


Y(QL@:[!MK*


M7*'F7W&MD3J@RD87:FXPZ#E1/
IRE+T58?M]&_PR'4XF$R%;&)3JU[;YK]^W
M\=Z% KM@F:Y-



P+GAM;*6444_;
M
!#'O\HIF_:$2.JVH[ T4@N9-B2@HY0]3'MPDVMCX=C!=AKX]K.=-.ND44W:





M(-W9
0Z-I;J]
.L(\Y9 WB 






I/!@Q6




S(K3FVF6 QE9)*U29PX(E(5!(5XD/R]JZ7&X)B[I40LEL


M=V1KK9@+*NE^/?5U3OP$$@I +1*TL#W[X N^


$^4*H?]0P&TD.*
SJX@M






MK%&=ZI;AG0-XL63/+9R2#JS
0P\JKFZR#*C11@+9X


VK@/(-JLHYTI&
R+K:85 4EY



8 7TAAOZB*UV.C
MPY9E#IX&@K^1N *WXFI47A#H!;G;Y'N38M=%CL1QR4.SZGG+B-J7_PXF#\C2
8067*RZAPFU4ZA-RGT'%@E<W1-@!6%'9:^SR$8





1DEDT
IOE8






MFJS)M%?W_^UM:J?9Z)W:[8\#/!$_I*C5JC6?9SA?ZODK'B31




MI^




M]Y*MDS
P (]&X@47E[W#H*))D)@.!A8'B.+-FUN:#9;Y37.EACZWU#:'?$Y[

MORZH1S[5SGA0ZIV
M -9



T6CH0-LNF'TEQ0#2B_K)XX I^3Q/O
$/,Q36[G(-&*C!PRR,5I_ID/;63?I[P5ZA&GT*-NI5K/.]

)2U


P'6=S3CZS


?KY%XA8TC7R76H =^M =]/(1 89]



M]'(J
B K)

)G]37$L'49

M)Q=G-!96^]30;5GBHUL=8MPUT#YTDHL)S&E=YZ#8(3Q&#/H(2&B]3]V%@Y
MEHIW)#$%1 :K)#RF



MG;U1?@^VHY.BO0MU!X+?MSIQ8JD72^J(7ZT5).WHSY/9I$.5QJ'('802E):H
[K9%D3<P:<










MC


5#Z(VEUAPEDW;MT?W0.T&

!V5-S'URY)GA[ZS[*[D5F!3$AV(LZFYPXGPZ

MV

FZ=L
#_?3!!

MHCHMQ\-H6D J02';]S


5.!K]@2&F7XXI&@CK47


M(F\;O3SIX

M V$U'D;6O!'@8  

R+GAM
M;



^G@PT$D&!=='

M?![8!7;&!P$;O=-FI


M[Y 7M;I'5E[TC+Q#^OX]6VBC
%;^Z0 8M@!#S!\!N 
%
2P6W\73YB)FE@


D'


N\N-.4
MMYE8KQOPU_ACC6


?/
M:995L4 DU.( X5]^BL

F0FE%


1'V\$*#U6:34(O#B




RYX
M;6R%5$UOVS 
O?=7$$8/&Q#4'W$2IT@-.F&=4!(.DV#

.BDW;0FTID^2F

9A[




0RXKVD=]?4%W&TR)\!V9:J=V

$VF5HKBP2@9T6%-1REG%=P)


5O4$L#!!0

T
M+GAM;+5876_;-A1]UZ\@O&Y+ 

PQYHB;*(2J1*
M4G&R7[]+2I9E6U8
%'M)+(H\]^OP7%(7*RZ^RI00A5[RC
G+0:I4


U@

HT$?GRK





M#Y#0!#GCR5D)#UA*HB3+$89Q0N:446)[$I_OR-/*4$)SV!S:4-*5Q$5@C_3
M&$*6W^FE!:4@32G0/$E@+\&R.W W2J2 RBZX4SRC




MW+(H*\V.3+E0%8%J7JU2&J40!T$4$@)O*



MJW17EOJM?#@66I

MDKC
C





/6




BHNNY6]'.IP IC%[P#H 4][BZ05WG#+%LO






YY3

M)$EI&$]GB$@F:1C3\5O5BDYZL *]]Y/FY#?2=NW8G_;#?-7U\%_W[B6X8WK/
MI2$H3&PW02$-U-5V=85?N.WBF+\^&W)3Y(H)T#WA=*V:/A O1/W/H/4$L#

M=#
V+GAM;)U648_B-A!^SZ^PTE/%2NF2.0$DC [5VWZE6KVVVKJNJ#20QQ

MISDOF;Z66U[!REJJDAF8JDU?;Q5GF54JBS[U_;A?
E&YLXF5W:G91.Y
(2I^

EK[20%5%\

N*:;Z4Q1\B



MRHI78$*NR6T&([$62/-;)\[1WHU^!




MYN/\PD'$TG17[L 'GIW$-;[D8@]



M[!30BC/H9 */%+;D%@M6L!*7D#%9B

8M



U^97M]'BA1+&/V'3KTTF0R@Z8U6[<T8&+9?]FS[MXG#D
M

G+X%D 9(1?PDH/4Q.

:T^/L$



C'(R!!
AX-'K]U7&LF8('$2WC$+L3TNSM$D 62_5U9!A^I
M[+ OHC.Z9I






XC3(

M#\*EP5Z?X_)Z9W@K;OL

6DOHS

O


M3 U H\ T;V%.&IC@%1@_(%^D
M-SD7!BEV *=C4&Q9TAIT$@XB_UF)@IE+


M*_ G3)N0[SL0
=9'C#2S!&=^ULY2.TN=TUHI
!Q@6
$4H+XC?N3.TA0'GAMZ


+1B(@8G=BQ:Q7Z8D#;6?Q@\[.V2L=A2/;(.




 =A8'.(C==#9$]UG/Q=D@?ZY8




MK;A8 D11-[J?VC4.[+JO7!0+6I960;M)C:!1CTW&Z*P]YU;D3!F*00?9M=2\

$^X

RD'QQGWSQ






 UOH8GAT-1AN0:9L6]C3


)U


EDQM;179DULY6_NE?W7_E9^W%Q&-^+-E?X+



Y+GAM;+U7VV[B2!!]YRM*+%HE$@%LP)@L($'FLEEI-(B0C$:K
M?6CL EICNYGN)B3[]5O=O@ )6.P^[ N^=%?5.56GRLU@)^0/M4;4\!)'B1I6
MUUIO;IM-%:PQ9JHA-IC0RE+(F&EZE*NFVDADH36*HZ;;:GG-F/&D.AK8=U
Y



B#)8[DH7)VY9%

M


M_Z9$(MU(MU+)3(7FG+W)D=F81Q%F7(4[D; JG)'5-KJD2 - E#6$H1[PM'


:=SRP'1K.B(?$TYC^.Q$LJ/@!CXQ+B\9(H[OU_M]UZ34
M:U =\DG2]NO=G@M]I]'I59X(@YDA[!JN:*'=;M

MI^'ZI\/F^G(\K^[W^A2VZS0\MZ1ZO:)ZO4NK=_1-
]\RVT'W22!BA#E[@0DF
MN.3Z5&5+@_RGA@\.T00&34U6U'&M  JN_DXI*UJNA]_;HTNCHPV]DQR/ 5X
MRD83FT7*QO2-644


$$*/Y@C/X!4$L#!!0    (

M;'U476_:




XLSL





M3?H7HPA4& _!

MWW=V?2DT8 FQEYDY9^;8



J;8
H@%T6]




MI(6!?5:

-X?NWAK$SC




2/P6\GOU-88R).)$%]H\FYZ,O#((%[Q0I,&
MAC^W_()7%2E
_YN=0XZ2%JX/5YK?VM\1U\F3/$+47TNIWIQ
L@&
.4SMJKT
ME;C[A;?^Q*2O$)4RWW#7RGH#*%9*BV6[&U8EK7]9?=M'/[-@J!=$!B[+9Q




M^M0[XSYLIO'IO*QK\D/
##CL$6*8!33PW3R
U54[1)K+ \2*8Y1&Z0Q;C3R.4
M#

MTZ^6ZE+QB$(U C1K@*8%
)N6,%46\K4=^+3K'8
^5BCPH&?7OITV4#LMAW


EFO
MS O]?;0=BG6XQ4J:D'___; ;11

M*F_YX/DCXF1M'-\UKFF-LU1% S4:N






:)194L$N 

M=FPD3%
U51);MM.JJOIAN1M@U;M=LKL$)W]]W^P=V(X#LOH%=N]FWKSY\?;V





Y72JS8$_:T$OJ^Z.R'@P@2CWS*Y7Q11-8GMT7
M;H[OEDQ!&D4ST1IY#IX@V[ D!*:L)A4LI/! RD92V1-216SZSS^-TK3[9G(U
M?1^7R9MC@8M@A?*!PL;27/M

MT
9HLR [1RRG;4ZOZ*C?ZJ4#.I9EKY6

%
M-1JT1L
4*$=I:W Z!


OL[V$..I\(._OT^V+TK


M8BBT;'.I&Z/_

;SN ALA$0(7CMK
$Z8WP**M2/

LZ]'.$ZPRG

M_LVS&;E:QX++

1BM2ODXOV
M6Z!]B3Y)L!4YX:UXOHHADI



ML+LPC_\#4$L#!!0    ( V$U$
*


!#^SJ\X!81 FIHV[;8RVDKK!H))DZIM


(
5





YH5+;FB8M+%'X!KM-4WI$YB. CYB6OLI
M(U/.4_2.3&7 5




O

_IY?01BX80
.?DO2I%T2(.WM[8#N@J;;?1CV




M=G



M\

M.7G%YY::J6P5@MGW6=Z]P$7NA8





M28WV$ :F@Y#^;JH
I\-


^FX-ELI;R
MFUW\7E][H07$!*N

O3S\Q@8^J8U72:'=%PZ];99Y4'7:R-W@C AVO.U'^CSH






M-&@KSH 0
=


M5_WTS ?+XV0]P4MFXR5/3E+@SQ'4LEN;IA
C#O@1XC3$+PE+_$ZCK)C9O3*:
M'&6S?A756ZBY'IQ*DD*4^AEZ3NT8AC#,D]?^[BGR##I73BYVD.)/?#.(
I
MR?PXRM U]9

MK

M1_T&C0JG4?$1C;(8OWVL))WUJEV2J+ 2Q7Y1E @R]G


3=<R]\CN)L8^Q'5POAR:=&:7<:U=ZO3T8C5]:BX6YHUD+#SM+8AGL0[6KD


^RUFU+M$P\/Y#OTJY ZY++@3%T;]






M:?L8[OL8RL
8EGT


R 1J*


9S2+D^F4O![\:(US4$^S





M(/'-7.F

M&(3:7+?BUO;!(U\LK7O0'@U7; %3L%]6#QKOVA5*RC.0ABM)-
RO6S?QU83V



*;E7






^SOB0S;A .L:N1BHFN4P *X%CS[!GLE+&
W5C
MJ



23O9<TNA28^+D-WN]YU3IO.(8'2DY6C-U33
DU-??X^ W)##!_(9/SAW
M$UA6Y0^FD-;L2N.W2B&MV9;2_SV%1R[O4,I/;8.2 X.2+8:RB:_7C4@X&&
MB?NC6.#4G7)[$LO2FL9I]\V265

M

M]P.X-6TG=E)9W*CAN'+O[)G*F^

M5N=





#\*

YFEHM6




M0-P#XF


R

M71\
&ULQ9AO;]
Z%
:_BI57


JD*:NRM6H:Z


EDNOF+UJMUT8!2BIM9+$.M@H*)MI?

M9N/










2YX;6R55%%/VS 0_BM6Q -(HTG3
MEA;41H)V:)LVJ:+ 'J8]N
DEL7#LSKZT\.]W=D)4IA:QE\1GW_?==U]RGNZT


M7EN8@Y2.B&3\:3F#KJ0#[J]?V6]][]3+FEN8:_E39%C.@DG 
LAY+?%.[[Y
MV\_(\:5:6O]DNS8WEA:6]15R8%E5#-FS^W/NP!^L
C@+@%Q!\%#%K P#?:

A%RA6RZS35M4*A

MBO-[
M
!5;P!K9Z0*0WE&? ^K!3L].6,G3AV7^K:4KZ=ADC=.$UAVBJ_:93'1Y1_
MJU6/Q:-/+([BZ !\_A'XV




8ET'FN-;X&;O2Z


.M2R8@3LEOO/<EJ-@$) <EJP6]DEM/D-;SY73RY0P_DLV+38
2%8;



PZ&

M4W)^=D'.'/!KJ6J#DB:A%@MQZ=L37K2)!T?23J*R:.2MC3D7F+8UP(4.]U



M*;LS7(!N^J=_ %!+ P04      M@A-1&5UA,'@  #U!0  &0   'AL+W=O


RYX;6R-5-MNVS 
_17Z$,+;/4M3;/
9#+BFY8



;








M6




MP%D9'&


Y5QH:' %4D&YU?D
MD6KF3+



M0A2/+-7YQ!DZ**49K@M]+_:?:

&92
-__X

6T

M6B=8PF6;[56&O/4N#\HL#..%J*L:AM@CA4C
QHR8K:P&^QY&!1:$5E$P.]






M]J5M'J5NM6NC

JA_03


W-I234:R
CD7N%2@JZ)@ZL\

M*MD&5VB^ETM%
[]E27B!0G
I0&$Z]J;AW:)O[9W!#XX[?30&JV0MY;.=?$W&

GGIAL[-UX


$!1?UE^V;/!P!PL$%0-0


6:RDSE9Z]^F+K$=^=J

MUZ].UF?4T.O^^T)3WP8/3&VXT)!C2I1!9TCQJ+K#UA

MP;8LE!T'.5%U%88VR;$4MJ








ME/5W% 8A


MJ2P4N&1HU!ER9E//KWI#NO(C8*&)B^V7.8]\-Z WR^UIOW&)6C_19_ 5!+








2@X#G_$

M ;%\O\EV\YK-]TVSMV?;K88-'#!QDVVBD^;W[!U;(^ENE73W:-(#EL'D2#EZ

MOXXU;!B;;JUO-0U3_Q&:E%V[P


6?1V_W0]L








M*=6$99]@Q=WM%'W\\ E]0(RC;VM1*




K9LF*D.+

K+.@(JBI0\



!-!L7N#/BF
F-6D3T78:K3

M&73Z($F6[5
YT&)C^X.YT-!MV


M+GAM;+5674_;










M^;ZUG!LGP?_!2O#&2_![F4D-/.IW$W_K8K

M;]
P$/XK5IC0)D'STC9#)8G4%Q @)JIU&Q\0']SDVEAS[&!?VO'OL9TT%-15


M7&HDEPM RO@5N2!


R

F




P



8-G2OSBA:T7P?L BQ9)^R-6G_&04_B\'(EC/^%]? VB#OC%7-
M$$P

1V?
U'!!18
;%

X-P_/T3(N

DN*-


+7).1:[+7CV]*'CDG7K^:S*./OKNX?=KG


RYX

%<'AK
MU)
LJ1I%'R


6R1D4!M-E8
T@U+L
MW!GQ62\^^S_Q4^F69J
)YMS-8U+/\V6#+'ES3%=\
'3^^[T7=BVU X4K)DH&
M'WB ;?M-M &9)LSAPA!/=5A6_!M!ZQ/X?&4
[0
_VOV/J?@#4$L#!!0    (


M)5%Z*M:^K 60W!:5S
=!D/HEH94WR^R[N9AEO%&


7]8_6O#:S


M1MT7_!&DBJ7F:]T/T;57W;LBY:-][_--4IPLE[A 


T=!M@MW




8\$\BO




M


Y'
U\P(3BL
ME'' ^K2%:Z#4&.D8OP=/;T0:X?[XU?W6UJYK66()UYS^()5J9M[40Q74N*/J
Q3M 2UI_Q\_ <]@11^(8@&@21S=V#
M;,H;K'!9+Y#PJS6;F9@2[5J'8XP\U(62NB[1.M4^15T21)]1 O]NJN. N(U



MPM\ZH

F$85:RX+SB=:+OAOV
M$\4WM@
MN=+]S X;_0






E
R]+$+J=1^/HZ-CPLD+OH%E:
MLQ*V@(_UVCB+#B@%EZ LUXH8V

H

MA3P[@H%EBN&+$N-;HGQT0[-;T*K(=N1X\K_ET:=\I='F9?P+5DR5ORM0;#


S)5?6
M

[TOV!U!+ P04

WM5K4C^UBVH43W@2K!C/;









V$T4;VP_6GENYL=EOIS L(<T/LKSM7+Q+2X
MX0.5_P%02P

M:0\.F&#5V

MZ[2@)=$7LJ(3G*I2F)@J3:^KA0EF0.5W,=!,/5+PH27Q&[O3B6QK UG@MXI
MI.NR).KMFG+9++R1M]NX9YOV T_B2NRH0_4/%5WE9^SY*QD@K-I$*Y@OO

OYVG%Z?






M


WQGN*/
M8?-9


MPI1!R67S9
]M'W: WN 5(&Z!^%@WP+]0X%!PQ\9YI2?!]29EDRT:H&[:S)





M2ZE^Z1F 08\9%[H7S(R9GX:A'LT@H_I$SD'8-Q.I
FKL5DU#/5= Q]XIXR&)
MHC3
*!-!O^N?7:M^5RX

.F
^

M%LS]_%K975A$&;


M(N P
BX$M5\/

&^]MJV'_8RW1MFWS/J9_B<I
MQTO&.:)BCZ$H6+*AAS0!ZW!:-1  YG-I0!A-W*+L9VQ2:,.IM=\[?G8CC





7%.IDJ]N. V'P21*P@XS- Q4/M9P15P

M)5*Y8%
.9&@
H&G9B41O:7^E-2\QTYQV- ROB)37YZ')/CHQ-R1)@DWPM5

M2-+[1)(HB784=/41^(6#QY]WP


GT/Y]9/\ 4$L#!!0
M   ( V$U%DGE]S:P(   

M+GAM;(V474_;
!2&_\I1Q 5(0#Z:#T!MI )C PT)T;%=3+MPF]/&PK$SVR&P

\KQ3H)JJHK(EW-DHIUY


MCG*%L'^)FE!V 'M .7PI1:-


QQ

$%


M*R$+HLU49KY:2R2I Q7

_

+%\BF'*_L*EC.QXDI=*BJ
%&04%Y
M]21/=1UV -VP!1#4@. UH-\Z-6 WK& ?@WHN\I45EP=8J+)93%!J2--FQV
MX(KIT
8^Y?:U+[0TN]3@].2C$.F&


6IV:D!WR]B.'EWN\LYFLN2F72J)&O



06PQ6]:F(!X[8MJ;'23?J=\.1
M_[A'SZ#1

M'E3QQ33K?RC%+'Q3BHMPT&DT5



H;8#97PFAMQ.;H/GG

MNE,IDXHSP8D
:#G'+1FYV[9W=J=BY+DW'![A3H

KF^Z(6]S8./
I4VLB\%D8+

L4'F!R:



FJVC-R6T9XMKUEL
M

M%!*JET#GQJY

MXV;+\4L$?M*HG_S/@:_V&V\%/ASM#?RT

M2CX


YT$D;A
M'JM:K S]8-E&N;9J$T

^(H)*DPWG_BUXDP !5.8

J?



RY6N







*TLAOIJ+Z^ATX!E$+&:A
M-BHH?#RPMRR.C2; \:U4.JAL&L'=[\_:KZSSX
R2*O96Q'_Q2&].![
!BMB*

^@I


[DL+%X4%TF$!HQN1ZHUEVG$HA;YRP/R



MVRJC4#;9@3'%XW&S-)KKYL&8=*+%7MV
O!]
^T6?M..=KH=?(O&8U ;(STE]


N8+?
M]5:@%33E-T^
RFK5
T H8UBKF9D(D09^L)L

MX74[\P6


FB5UW=M+[




JQ#JC
:MH M#

M'L ' XIYW6'OJHR%?

&UL


M['O8^W7C YW-M;WA#WH+
H
1Z/O%K30KOT:9T *XHH(C=.^=X[/ACBS2[B








M<)H: +DZYJX66BS<27$LM#EWNLNY^6L T@:8YU-A&J!:V,-G_6=C\!-02P,$
M%     @ +8(34<H(B7@:!   V!   !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T


K2T_


7SP1<SFUCV(AH.2SV ]J:\TCB*6I1,%"-4))H
MN#WIG-(/8]9W!O6,/P4LS,H]<:E,E?KF!A?922=V$4$.J740']W
(8\=T@8



M








2R8]




MNVPCVZ=MVWY:-ZN1G[[L^?&(

MVSGP#+2;@.]O%9*B&3@'[9\9PW\!4$L#!!0    ( V$U%C]Z.!EP(  $H'

!#'OXJ%^J*5
MUO(4(%0)4IMHVJ95JOJPO9CVP@D'6#4XLTW3??O9AGI9XW1Y [:Y__WN#OL\

M(/5;3#JOF)FU6U[


T8ZDQ5C3WKRN9Q[@0X(
M**RE]H#5ZQD60*EVI




MEX?#[;#*LGSZ)EI_I]/I6^8&\YIT E&HEZXR)0#/G3N82+9QC2_%9.JE9IA
MHRX[X-I ?:\8DZ\3W4_M]5G\ 5!+ P04      M@A-1



*
Y

M
C$*;QGBS' L$ID!N://H



MKRW'UVK

&%&CC#K&]46X8EAJ78GZ
-UE=Y11ZVTZO[71/



(
YMK*Z%#53V??GWG!-']BQK5?9UFLD



0



M9R7E^M9UQ7P%%1$W; U4O5DP7A&IFGSIBC4'DAM25;K8\V*W(@5UIF/3]\2G



M.V\&OZ\'QSV#^Q@]

M[!SZ2-/]U$+/SJ$GAIX
I G:Q0F

 ^S& !*D4^M!&35BL9G)6]%EKT[\C$

6W]I^?Y%WV[


KX$M3ZP@T

MK4TE\
ZDJBO
XTK5BL U0+U?

44M8?/$^D!518N*P&JM[DC%=8JB$_

)2
54$$811SRC7


M1'VV(L
7368+)42D)1



M=B  \[1 F&:J;'U7];A6U56:79=RR(8_

MLC3IZ8X 
5CN[#Q*KW@D0]/(E]&T

MZB!9*51P5S?\R*W()0[JT4Y=R=7W'4C'*XDT@=BX+(IW? Q'GI8.=YXI[N




NO?36N*=Q6%/T+Q_LBOD!_^BGS/
M]P;

M-YND^[TX
/$$@
SQ



]LI[7[];=D- 2*M+TD_KCG
MW'.O[6L/5EP\R6 0D\997+H+)7*SUU7)DO(L#SC.3 ]



X&H7@741






!#_


;ZE5HUAI9[DF5

U6

M$ K

YY5'R
M*#-5(3RS+1IX#R]28Z96DO_W$W%46G Q<ITB



B.=)6P



+5-+I)WRW2S#EXB\\4M_K@&5PJ2RF?
MW.*NF$:)8X0




WD59\ED:
M_ EBT51J

MUXRX;@8;DXHU^

M%OYBP@*6S]YBIZJU.:SXL53[^62C09+\?*R7_[]?1Y!Q*\BX%\BV:+[OT$WH
M4!4ZM+)=Z6MHZ^G:]%AZ ?WRH$@OR]AGT:%\U5*^ZF\Z1K2&FX[RYYR;ZQ;_

K/PHL93&#B;^L;2S(RIG8-^OI!6A6;@ [30Z^P]02P
$%




MQ[=ZTEZSIC%L']_/_MXZ#\Y
B:(G(ON+I7I^V!OW4$IO29GI*['\0&N'!F:^

AK8T0,U[]DKLZ$V#
-Y@@&L#_
@ ;S*(:H-HVQ7B



M-X#&7F\!!%0L4H:4$2GU7$A;:




MI:E6(QZ0$?&0FNJZ/JOJ^KRI:]O\] Y



M

M^X:%47QHYUPUR@\&787-'9R@_URT^%0E9%.?Z(U##CX6-_.D:-XC5_.D8-
MQQL:%#L-P_[GJ5:#5ANQ$AK4ZU.\OM$:C4=K3G4


M-_(8.2&+_
]*GR$4C

_XEE?;#$T]H
M%;.7)S-V3!_O-/'CNEC/QW_D&1&VR6SW_KT:+XL?R1RQKA&;T%PV!_!
0K

M V$U$IYT X)P

M;*V6;4_;
!#'O\HIV@N0:/


M=(


P
V%FYE[W[=R4OT

MKR6O0](X@B1*HKO1!1Q\.OP$(:@ID:C\_XXPQY5HQR[
\98P%U2E3*A2HI7E

M-.$9Y3F


MY1/*E)JD]P)HO &H;25H5@3-O67!I3H?T*3Y!FD+3ZOB:?W%
@U62 _N]


3\10J\Z-D!UF^K] 5!+




0OGMJL&]P%D.*


M\MK





MY
3)E=H]N*Y

=
/UFPT6!E9Z*K2MW G!FA0KJ!IX7NP4FS)F.[=I2
M3



RV.2JB=^^ UJARQ@
MRJFTO^A0[1T.')264O&B%M8$!6'5$[_6@;@02+P6@: 6'X0\

6@; 6*VC
M%9EUZQ$K/!T+?D#[-;:S
#&QDIK;P@SGW&EA'Y+M)R:KA1/7WIS'8@
+7BA


L0%:_
M'?K#)DBAU1^VZ'\D

&-Z$Z0DH5C9V4LD/:&5
]M8VG$M\U/FN)/HV
M6TLE=


VEUQPCOS^


%Y_
MJ.


M;6R-55UOVC 4_2M6U(=6:AL(X:



^ JE7@Z 9

MS)R3F=:O;O*8#H*&$P02$G0


.;(AWVC5\RX:&)S W^8



*E$C4I1T1%1S8@]

\Q)NO?<<Z+!=W[1T^H7
M\DW4JW5KOO,=:6]]1V[[+#_:<I^_T0U%-0 )
R)LG'=)46F[*'E!/72=Y69







'QKRA@



MP&MP\NUJBAB


_@TP#=.HP2=J_
EG)=[MU^!3-?X]BSN@:S3B
ML_9XKP:__PQ/N?-.8^P/;7OT?EY&[Q7Y[S.ZZHJ+K,J+E/J60UZ2_[0!EF,
MP-/ZH(X6\ .N^.+O\8HRPA^O/XJMK&HK2VYE-VPU17X,93O(;\(J*[LU IE
MV7VYN&@J/+5 67A2H+[TU )E[30+S/Y'0'6=I566ZGXC'Q,@L:,JN%'^&*
M49%0-?\#[WA755U0+C;-
!*G[6@K=:I-.ITNFHJ[2X!&!%B*A[
NJ[F&


 ;C

/8^L:WLGOD_.K4RS;WLG$9Y;6;9EGF1J5J/5-SS[V.K^W



MFV0JG[86 F4(]7=1/^B1-O]
DF2BF(T9I+&AV/GPG)6]E\PO!6-D8KS'B;


BYX;6RU5EMOVC 4?NY^A17M



M

H)E.%7O** (BSA4AW:DKI(S5]/:5?
[7[MC^_0XN;8HGMHL2@L^OL<MN_71@<9^G6&?FN&



M=#DS+GAM;

M.1;
=%2)DDX62A?
TE(O0U-J9)D'%2)




M@\LLXZXS3

M_PC\W

MI_F\\@WRIU-N4J%




I
)16H@W30$.J


[\VDR-
]D8

MY

MY


M#G8HYO:N!98PM6E7=-[X&O37FU-=

M?5W;GDHK
O0BKFF]C)

M%

M8Y_?_UPX.&F$?%8E@$8OC'(U\TJMJWO?5]L2&%8C40$W)X60#&MCRIVO*@DX


8C%$T^HB(@A/XXCWX

XU[L_#1FEIIOWOA2!Q

&PO=V]R:W-H
M965T<R]S:&5E=#DV+GAM;*666V_:,!3'OXH5[:&5VN8N5 !4BF;UDG5$*S;
MP[0'0P[$JV

M^M9UY2*#'
*

D

)G/.GTWG(1TXG@$@ME/&#]MX5[H-0XTAA_


W2-
M[C/

C]7HM\_!YY8N7)F6PZ5;$ZUE_GA+^QK@$[J(:I
MV%59

M:
&E:D

M]C:;L

2\]MQ5YCG7:
MP*N#-ZU:-NRXQ:IEP[H'MU4.8F5O?:D7]8:IXF2O1JN'Q9V]3VOC(_W@*-X'
M;VZ*U\HC%OH4DHC4KOT;F+-)(H70-%1?&WOQ#E7^H:US4P_FD 8 _U]R;G:
M=TR ZADV_ M02P,$%     @ +8(345J9L/#0 @  Z@8  !D   !X;]W;W)K

MH-TNJEXXR0FQZMC
=H#NU^_823/: NK-;L ?YSU^SNOD9+6ZE$7 (9L2B[T
MTN

MHGY




PY'..SM&U/B8'
MJ;[I'

9;&G)
MS9

%']T^_U/!P1@M$90E@3PC9A

V+(_&X5O&?+
M[ D

7?QJ

ME=#H:/1AF
:M&%U0&3#5HXNZX.H_X@HR;(Z
H@!:YIRIEYK2JTM]] ;UU&
M71O!(&U-^J('-1JW O4I!4E_H*0)E%P


:
)ABY*#

$%

MQ
$8:2=+QE[TY#$96HX6!!G$4D? ZF\+$\@R'4C)^%/%M.J4FG@XWD?_;+PK
M+TLL8


$KR)X34+_#*%7$7J7$OH5H6]VIK1B]F&*)1X-.-LAKM$J

MPA(2JT%YV!

4?2_5JZ


M=)W\^UU2BA(7
N



Z\F_Z'

MI3@2:58CF[FPP;1HM


MH_%%Z&3\_5#U2#AX3\(@##H$+2^!CPR\/^F )Y? QQ8^=KB)VC1&EB\ZPY=@





$




M'&9
+6D./Y!*!:=3U)3E9W!BS]QGHE*4IVKD:V/2HOQE8VA2&R('#'VN^ 60



U:%&#
M8RC2A:I5T0YJ&


NXD([LVE\E(U+I@'.:2

M-
#=\0O[)UL[UK*DJ:B^,%6.A\[%PY904;K0B_$]C.T]42&+Q6%LD^R;6,]
MAZ2UTJ)LP:B@9+QYT^?6AQW (#P \%N _U% T (6VBCS)8UHYHF(RFV1)IH
M9#
#ZXU%8S6









9+


MZ

1?D'RW1QWAOV

M8MP&RH.6YBTS.#VY2--%M2BIA@S]I@N0:HJ$W*%C8470)^%4N@830O*9Z 0
MX^@@Q-$5:,K*CP;Z^'%CCY\1!\L^$LA%HKR3(T#;=A;#D':
)W63


MK3O=T'U4.L'
R?^$N$F^AIBFKSY6M?O^.JLH(J.651T7R2YWC.-XT^IZUPH3

\BN\!NV

3^D\'A*N&'W_V-V$_$D#?W#C#5/RVI



/KQAR'!Y

F:1H@B=C-A?2TKBKNS
S

M?2[
)C8#NT#;RD[^!E!+ P04      M@A-1?!\?'W@#   -P  &@   'AL



V$/V5@; /9-+KXO; .V
MTTL626









;OE_DG'A)B9$V







MV?:!.]#1!HEQ






HRCZ#(LN5!!



AA5?P0+PH9H;LL*.)1

56CT7CB_5TOHO



M=K'#M


Y<_A+,R@\1RU)=*VSN1+?;S:FQ?YZO]B<TOYIQ\T+3#+];;E:
MZBDA)\KH_(HR
LU :0S4E7]B2XWT8/VRH!D

$






YW&.V*T^'O!7$3

OAJ3RM\:HAFUHVJNR-ABCV!#D7*F%[]
#J)% N
MID]_: 8]*

M#3DT6EH#9862Z-



M7

O


X%/TK5C0/
]*T8/-=I9&2
*N=U5;JMC/=A]$^

]

.WF'T_7!?\SNBB


MQ/\]X#5.TRH2S^/?-NBL&[
B]J^?H_]6%\^+N8\H7I/T[R1F^\N9/P
QWD9E




8/ YZ8/4_$FDC_E'FYP YGP$R
MD:E(:'T*W:OH,%#0PU/H?DWW-=58W;):=3QK(M[MES6XY1H1ERG^# Z
X//



-MS.#;OS@?4@%-(4G
MF6\L%FW P39Q1IVX5H0)!8JT)18P)[+PE^7BY8[&-(
QLG+(#BN

MS!V)W-'_$(N6/-C?T/7'V2M0\M0K0+8SD;YP0FB]F5*TH8::#






B[YTHB7 \


^+!DO*


+\YZ

.
T;]I!IRO.*^C!$KU^]0:_0 *D%E4PA


TV


W



[2V \B/LH.[:*#])



C2L*'?& 


Y]VV4G[:&:PJ@2.AYL-O)
MUNWDJ-N75/$98E06O)B;59Y)9*Q?FLU'=8J 2J 6C'?R\/J)LST8MD&X[[XD


M

MN5X8J5V5.OBSR$N[2Q32_(A


J7%6:%-X

+?FL#YV!!SM7


3$P+GAM;'U486O;
!#]*X=AT



^.&8=&/(
G@XM[R;J*.ZPF

M(S '1Q\IW1PT4XY\F18-O030.,3Z+Q6RAT#;\SQMU*\ %!+ P04      M
M@A-1\OX

O'#=V:P^^
MDH76C]ZXRD=1X@FAP

ZT
M^



MZLED&*]?8=1O&?7W
IK7^9=&2_!E'\'Y4RET:$9MX+
KT
 E^\E
#@_7*!=H
M]@EQVJ8]_;\*#UK@P=YZ)OF:J0RA9
\T4QSH)?VTMC+^\#5-!_]J^J[;^TO3
:5&L


^
M7D5W;GXPROX '$S^R.R95=LX1Q BF/:8H8+?6N7LV=[L*HU^Q;#A.]=(


M^+D48@?@^@T KP1X;0'=$M!M^B5@%Y;0+\$]-L_!+@:^T+L;32EUC@Z9C1




X@4!%&(!IW6P<KD]%+9MK:#R<G365K)JC*5A






M:0.E#UOV8MU[KNZY1Q_X*F[TEL%#!:!1QYEH$EQI77\.@B:K@)/F0M8@3*20
MBA-M7%4&3:V Y(U-XBR8A^$RX(0*G

'1\B-&
MCNY&YI#@Q[/WOUJIK]\A-\X^S&;AX_GU(7[6!\YQ\+IY2M(+\+CO9VC'JY
M3^VG&Z8ALT\
_.+3N)!B?P\L8)@)![0A+
$WA-&UHC:K()RRK8/G%L@DDPII
)?0#Z;(6JH<U%@FP@.4Q@P**T?1LK*CEG5@

KQA:#-@[


M



G8NM'SM





6+N2208P Y?D;(*P_A


M%8%
 61Z0

DRW=;6Z4/


EOF@9!
6%#+*D%DI%[4K*.NBCQ )^6/(+)#W



KKA_6+IV4



MI,-^63,[!.<P F*B<0R9A9+
MF#M+$4DE#&S4&BFM!

M[\1$-IDPVV0C=C)AS0R8=8(S 8*4^022;
)H'90(@)9T:8S;([&]A9Z4@R

$XH)M+.A%L[$'-*

MT]E%I)_I09.9A&(B_4P/FLRD%!-9:



4]FF28C/FI)C(0LES+#:CF.$!
MBHDLE#S'E




?=QYO7KW*GX5KE

-&$=Y$+^PU'2R^S;)(#E%



M[Z]7I]M[6PU+!_(2R\?*$B@L'R@*('B\H&2!$K+!\H2*\?J$B@LGR@*H'J
M\H&:!&K+!S*G



MS@]L^J= 7IGU3L#],ZJ=P;HG57O#- [=X=- 'IGU3L#],ZJ=P;HG57O#-[

MYKK:C@




ME0]_YX=DJNI]]6 3)81.ZG'P=O!K?ZP1W5S?V6WUV/G5YT-X[=IQV$2S[5RT


M#PWIPT#Z*!]E) ^I* T0A%54DB5%%,E!55)45526)445R4%5DF155%D5119
M%45619%54615%%D5159%D5519%4465.*KE%UI0B:TJ1-:7(FE)D32FRIA19
M4XJL*476C)K1I$UH\B:463-*+)F%%DSBJP91=:,(FM&D36GR)I39,TILN84
M67.*K#E%UIPB:TZ1-:?(FE-DU119-45639%54V35%%DU159-D5539-44635%
M5D.1U5!D-119#4560Y'54&0U%%D-159#D=509THLA8460N*K 5%UH(B:T&1
MM:#(6E!D+2BR%A192XJL)476DB)K29&UI
A:4F0M*;*6%%E+BJPE158I*+1*



              ( !
MS0$  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      M@A-178:'$R
&
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ +8(340)$I@L_0  B<  !@              (!



4      M@A-1)0.@UV(&  ?&0  &


4





O



M2P$% ,4      M@A-1\O5+ 0&  =#0  &0              @(%0=@


M


M@A-1SJ@FKS


\.   9




M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( V$U'%-A4YD08  
L0   9               @79


M970R-YX;6Q02P$% 
4      M@A-1EYI&'_8  !\!@  &0



M971S+W-H965T


M% 




YX;6Q02P$% 
&UL4$L! A0#%
M  @ +8(340JR5'^; @  ?04  !D              (!D]P  'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E='

RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      M@A-17:=AU=@%  #W$0

T+GAM;%!+



4      M@A-1$;ON;NT#   G0  &0

W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( V

M+W-H965T


4



BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      M@A-1_+N%


M='
K.-,!0
MH1

M;6Q02P$% ,4      M@A-1Z

4




M A0#%     @ +8(34=EW+[MW @  ^ 4  !D              (!?\! 'AL




O

$  !.$@  &0

M   ( V$U&
/\;2WP
  - .   9               @6)  0!X;]W;W)K


YX;6Q0
M2P$% 
4      M@A-1ZPS*MU   !T!0  &0              @(%N1P$





















M:&5E='


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#<Y+GAM;%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( V$U&Y=4F[
0


M


4
&UL
M4$L! A0#%     @ +8(342GG0#@G P  60D  !D              (!OJ !



M='

YX;6Q02P$% 









&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$P,2YX;6Q02P$% 


M% 


4      M@A-1,U4HU@\







M
YX;6Q02P$% 
4      M@A-1\OX,B9$  #C!0  &@

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      M





end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    

  
  










{
 instance: {
  d930015d10k.htm: {
   axisCustom: 1
   axisStandard: 26
   contextCount: 231
   dts: {
    calculationLink: {
     local: [
      jbss-20200625_cal.xml
     ]
    }
    definitionLink: {
     local: [
      jbss-20200625_def.xml
     ]
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-eedm-def-2019-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-eedm1-def-2019-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    inline: {
     local: [
      d930015d10k.htm
     ]
    }
    labelLink: {
     local: [
      jbss-20200625_lab.xml
     ]
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-doc-2019-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-doc-2019-01-31.xml
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-doc-2019-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    presentationLink: {
     local: [
      jbss-20200625_pre.xml
     ]
    }
    referenceLink: {
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-ref-2019-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-ref-2019-01-31.xml
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-ref-2019-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    schema: {
     local: [
      jbss-20200625.xsd
     ]
     remote: [
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/nonNumeric-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-roles-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref-2006-02-27.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-types-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-roles-2019-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017/country-2017-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-types-2019-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2018/stpr-2018-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/negated-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/net-2009-12-16.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2019/currency-2019-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2019/exch-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2017/naics-2017-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011/sic-2011-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/arcrole/factExplanatory-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/reference-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-parts-codification-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/deprecated-2009-12-16.xsd
     ]
    }
   }
   elementCount: 733
   entityCount: 1
   hidden: {
    http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31: 17
    http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625: 9
    http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31: 5
    total: 31
   }
   keyCustom: 86
   keyStandard: 466
   memberCustom: 39
   memberStandard: 38
   nsprefix: jbss
   nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
   report: {
    R1: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       div
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:DocumentType
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: document
     isDefault: true
     longName: 1001 - Document - Cover Page
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     shortName: Cover Page
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       div
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:DocumentType
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R10: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1010 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPolicies
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R100: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020_SupplementalEmployeeRetirementPlanDefinedBenefitMemberusgaapRetirementPlanTypeAxis
      decimals: 4
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1100 - Disclosure - Retirement Plan - Assumptions to Calculate Benefit Obligation and Net Periodic Costs of SERP (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAssumptionsToCalculateBenefitObligationAndNetPeriodicCostsOfSerpDetail
     shortName: Retirement Plan - Assumptions to Calculate Benefit Obligation and Net Periodic Costs of SERP (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020_SupplementalEmployeeRetirementPlanDefinedBenefitMemberusgaapRetirementPlanTypeAxis
      decimals: 4
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R101: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1101 - Disclosure - Retirement Plan - Benefits Expected to be Paid in Next Ten Fiscal Years (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanBenefitsExpectedToBePaidInNextTenFiscalYearsDetail
     shortName: Retirement Plan - Benefits Expected to be Paid in Next Ten Fiscal Years (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R102: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostNotYetRecognizedTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1102 - Disclosure - Retirement Plan - Components of AOCL (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfAoclDetail
     shortName: Retirement Plan - Components of AOCL (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostNotYetRecognizedTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R103: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_27_2019
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1103 - Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail
     shortName: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMemberusgaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsBeforeTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R104: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetPriorServiceCostCreditMemberusgaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1104 - Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Reclassifications Out of AOCL (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail
     shortName: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss - Reclassifications Out of AOCL (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetPriorServiceCostCreditMemberusgaapStatementEquityComponentsAxis
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R105: {
     firstAnchor: null
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1105 - Disclosure - Transactions with Related Parties - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/TransactionsWithRelatedPartiesAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Transactions with Related Parties - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R106: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1106 - Disclosure - Transactions with Related Parties - Summary of Transactions with Related Party (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/TransactionsWithRelatedPartiesSummaryOfTransactionsWithRelatedPartyDetail
     shortName: Transactions with Related Parties - Summary of Transactions with Related Party (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R107: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:ScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesTableTextBlock
       jbss:ProductTypeSalesMixTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:PercentageOfGrossProductSales
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1107 - Disclosure - Product Type Sales Mix - Schedule of Sales by Product Type as Percentage of Gross Sales (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMixScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesDetail
     shortName: Product Type Sales Mix - Schedule of Sales by Product Type as Percentage of Gross Sales (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:ScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesTableTextBlock
       jbss:ProductTypeSalesMixTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:PercentageOfGrossProductSales
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R108: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:ActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsTableTextBlock
       srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_27_2019
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1108 - Disclosure - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves - Activity in Various Allowance and Reserve Accounts (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAndReservesActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsDetail
     shortName: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves - Activity in Various Allowance and Reserve Accounts (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:ActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsTableTextBlock
       srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_29_2017
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R109: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P03_27_2020To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1109 - Disclosure - Supplementary Quarterly Data (Unaudited) - Unaudited Quarterly Consolidated Financial Data (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SupplementaryQuarterlyDataUnauditedUnauditedQuarterlyConsolidatedFinancialDataDetail
     shortName: Supplementary Quarterly Data (Unaudited) - Unaudited Quarterly Consolidated Financial Data (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P03_27_2020To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:GrossProfit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R11: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1011 - Disclosure - Revenue Recognition
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognition
     shortName: Revenue Recognition
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R110: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:PercentOfDecreaseInWeightedAverageSellingPricePerPound
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1110 - Disclosure - Supplementary Quarterly Data (Unaudited) - Unaudited Quarterly Consolidated Financial Data (parenthetical)  (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SupplementaryQuarterlyDataUnauditedUnauditedQuarterlyConsolidatedFinancialDataParentheticalDetail
     shortName: Supplementary Quarterly Data (Unaudited) - Unaudited Quarterly Consolidated Financial Data (parenthetical)  (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:PercentOfDecreaseInWeightedAverageSellingPricePerPound
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R111: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       jbss:DisclosureOfFireNoteOnBusinessUnitTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:CostsIncurredRelatedExtraordinaryFireEvent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1111 - Disclosure - Garysburg, North Carolina Facility - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GarysburgNorthCarolinaFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Garysburg, North Carolina Facility - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       jbss:DisclosureOfFireNoteOnBusinessUnitTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:CostsIncurredRelatedExtraordinaryFireEvent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R112: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:DividendsDeclaredTableTextBlock
       jbss:DividendsTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn04_29_2020
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DividendsPayableAmountPerShare
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: Unit_USD_per_Share
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1112 - Disclosure - Subsequent Event - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SubsequentEventAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Subsequent Event - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P07_09_2020To07_09_2020_SubsequentEventMemberusgaapSubsequentEventTypeAxis
      decimals: null
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R12: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1012 - Disclosure - Leases
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/Leases
     shortName: Leases
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R13: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1013 - Disclosure - Inventories
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/Inventories
     shortName: Inventories
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R14: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1014 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssets
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R15: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:RevolvingCreditFacilityTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1015 - Disclosure -  Revolving Credit Facility
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacility
     shortName: Revolving Credit Facility
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:RevolvingCreditFacilityTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R16: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1016 - Disclosure - Long-Term Debt
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebt
     shortName: Long-Term Debt
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R17: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1017 - Disclosure - Income Taxes
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxes
     shortName: Income Taxes
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R18: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1018 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingencies
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R19: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1019 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockholdersEquity
     shortName: Stockholders' Equity
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R2: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1002 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     shortName: Consolidated Balance Sheets
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R20: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1020 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation Plans
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlans
     shortName: Stock-Based Compensation Plans
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R21: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:DividendsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1021 - Disclosure - Cash Dividends
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividends
     shortName: Cash Dividends
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:DividendsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R22: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1022 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plans
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlans
     shortName: Employee Benefit Plans
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R23: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1023 - Disclosure - Retirement Plan
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlan
     shortName: Retirement Plan
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R24: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1024 - Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLoss
     shortName: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R25: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1025 - Disclosure - Transactions with Related Parties
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/TransactionsWithRelatedParties
     shortName: Transactions with Related Parties
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R26: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:ProductTypeSalesMixTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1026 - Disclosure - Product Type Sales Mix
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMix
     shortName: Product Type Sales Mix
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:ProductTypeSalesMixTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R27: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1027 - Disclosure - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAndReserves
     shortName: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R28: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1028 - Disclosure - Supplementary Quarterly Data (Unaudited)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SupplementaryQuarterlyDataUnaudited
     shortName: Supplementary Quarterly Data (Unaudited)
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R29: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:DisclosureOfFireNoteOnBusinessUnitTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1029 - Disclosure - Garysburg, North Carolina Facility
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GarysburgNorthCarolinaFacility
     shortName: Garysburg, North Carolina Facility
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:DisclosureOfFireNoteOnBusinessUnitTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R3: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1003 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     shortName: Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R30: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1030 - Disclosure - Subsequent Event
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SubsequentEvent
     shortName: Subsequent Event
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SubsequentEventsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R31: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1031 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Policies)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies (Policies)
     subGroupType: policies
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R32: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:ScheduleOfDepreciationExpensesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1032 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Tables)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:ScheduleOfDepreciationExpensesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R33: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1033 - Disclosure - Revenue Recognition (Tables)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionTables
     shortName: Revenue Recognition (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R34: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:OperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1034 - Disclosure - Leases (Tables)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesTables
     shortName: Leases (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:OperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R35: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1035 - Disclosure - Inventories (Tables)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/InventoriesTables
     shortName: Inventories (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R36: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1036 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets (Tables)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsTables
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R37: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:LongTermDebtTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1037 - Disclosure - Long-Term Debt (Tables)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtTables
     shortName: Long-Term Debt (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:LongTermDebtTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R38: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1038 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     shortName: Income Taxes (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R39: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1039 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation Plans (Tables)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansTables
     shortName: Stock-Based Compensation Plans (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R4: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1004 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R40: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       jbss:DividendsTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DividendsDeclaredTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1040 - Disclosure - Cash Dividends (Tables)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsTables
     shortName: Cash Dividends (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       jbss:DividendsTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DividendsDeclaredTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R41: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       us-gaap:CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:EmployeesBenefitPlanExpenseTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1041 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plans (Tables)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTables
     shortName: Employee Benefit Plans (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       us-gaap:CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:EmployeesBenefitPlanExpenseTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R42: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1042 - Disclosure - Retirement Plan (Tables)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanTables
     shortName: Retirement Plan (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R43: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1043 - Disclosure - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Tables)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossTables
     shortName: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R44: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1044 - Disclosure - Transactions with Related Parties (Tables)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/TransactionsWithRelatedPartiesTables
     shortName: Transactions with Related Parties (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R45: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       jbss:ProductTypeSalesMixTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:ScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1045 - Disclosure - Product Type Sales Mix (Tables)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMixTables
     shortName: Product Type Sales Mix (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       jbss:ProductTypeSalesMixTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:ScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R46: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:ActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1046 - Disclosure - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves (Tables)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAndReservesTables
     shortName: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:ActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R47: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1047 - Disclosure - Supplementary Quarterly Data (Unaudited) (Tables)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SupplementaryQuarterlyDataUnauditedTables
     shortName: Supplementary Quarterly Data (Unaudited) (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R48: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       us-gaap:InventoryPolicyTextBlock
       us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:PeriodToShellBulkStoredNutInventories
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1048 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       us-gaap:InventoryPolicyTextBlock
       us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:PeriodToShellBulkStoredNutInventories
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R49: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:ScheduleOfDepreciationExpensesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Depreciation
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1049 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies - Depreciation Expense for Last Three Fiscal Years (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDepreciationExpenseForLastThreeFiscalYearsDetail
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies - Depreciation Expense for Last Three Fiscal Years (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:ScheduleOfDepreciationExpensesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Depreciation
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R5: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InterestExpenseRelatedParty
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1005 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Parenthetical)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeParenthetical
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Parenthetical)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InterestExpenseRelatedParty
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R50: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020_BuildingMemberusgaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_MinimumMembersrtRangeAxis
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1050 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies - Estimated Useful Lives of Property, Plant and Equipment (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies - Estimated Useful Lives of Property, Plant and Equipment (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020_BuildingMemberusgaapPropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis_MinimumMembersrtRangeAxis
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R51: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfCarryingValuesAndEstimatedFairValuesOfDebtInstrumentsTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1051 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies - Carrying Value and Fair Value Estimate of Current and Long-Term Debt (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesCarryingValueAndFairValueEstimateOfCurrentAndLongTermDebtDetail
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies - Carrying Value and Fair Value Estimate of Current and Long-Term Debt (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfCarryingValuesAndEstimatedFairValuesOfDebtInstrumentsTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtFairValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R52: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       us-gaap:AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AdvertisingExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1052 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies - Marketing and Advertising Expenses Recorded in Selling Expenses (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesMarketingAndAdvertisingExpensesRecordedInSellingExpensesDetail
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies - Marketing and Advertising Expenses Recorded in Selling Expenses (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       us-gaap:AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AdvertisingExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R53: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       jbss:ShippingAndHandlingChargePolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCost
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1053 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies - Shipping and Handling Cost for Last Three Fiscal Years (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesShippingAndHandlingCostForLastThreeFiscalYearsDetail
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies - Shipping and Handling Cost for Last Three Fiscal Years (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       jbss:ShippingAndHandlingChargePolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCost
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R54: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1054 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies - Research and Development Expenses for Last Three Fiscal Years (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesResearchAndDevelopmentExpensesForLastThreeFiscalYearsDetail
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies - Research and Development Expenses for Last Three Fiscal Years (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R55: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: 0
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: Unit_shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1055 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies - Weighted Average Shares Outstanding Used in Computing Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesWeightedAverageSharesOutstandingUsedInComputingBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetail
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies - Weighted Average Shares Outstanding Used in Computing Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfWeightedAverageNumberOfSharesTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: 0
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R56: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock
       us-gaap:EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: 0
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1056 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies - Summary of Anti-dilutive Awards Excluded from Computation of Diluted Earnings Per Share (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfAntiDilutiveAwardsExcludedFromComputationOfDilutedEarningsPerShareDetail
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies - Summary of Anti-dilutive Awards Excluded from Computation of Diluted Earnings Per Share (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock
       us-gaap:EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: 0
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R57: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:ContractWthCustomerTimingOfSatisfactionOfPerformance
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1057 - Disclosure - Revenue Recognition - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Revenue Recognition - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: jbss:ContractWthCustomerTimingOfSatisfactionOfPerformance
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R58: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P03_27_2020To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1058 - Disclosure - Revenue Recognition - Summary of Revenue Disaggregated by Sales Channel (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionSummaryOfRevenueDisaggregatedBySalesChannelDetail
     shortName: Revenue Recognition - Summary of Revenue Disaggregated by Sales Channel (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020_SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMemberusgaapContractWithCustomerSalesChannelAxis
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R59: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1059 - Disclosure - Leases - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Leases - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: jbss:OperatingLeasesNotYetCommenced
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R6: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_29_2017
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquity
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1006 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_29_2017
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquity
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R60: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1060 - Disclosure - Leases - Operating Lease Assets And Liabilities (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     shortName: Leases - Operating Lease Assets And Liabilities (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:OperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020_OperatingLeaserightOfUseassetsMemberusgaapBalanceSheetLocationAxis
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R61: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_26_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseCost
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1061 - Disclosure - Leases - LeaseCost (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLeasecostDetail
     shortName: Leases - LeaseCost (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_26_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseCost
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R62: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:OperatingLeasesCashFlowRelatedInformationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasePayments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1062 - Disclosure - Leases - Operating Leases Cash Flow Related Information (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeasesCashFlowRelatedInformationDetail
     shortName: Leases - Operating Leases Cash Flow Related Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:OperatingLeasesCashFlowRelatedInformationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasePayments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R63: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:OtherInformationRelatedToOperatingLeaseTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1063 - Disclosure - Leases - Other Information Related to Operating Lease (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOtherInformationRelatedToOperatingLeaseDetail
     shortName: Leases - Other Information Related to Operating Lease (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:OtherInformationRelatedToOperatingLeaseTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R64: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsRemainderOfFiscalYear
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1064 - Disclosure - Leases - Lessee Operating Lease Liability Maturity (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityDetail
     shortName: Leases - Lessee Operating Lease Liability Maturity (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsRemainderOfFiscalYear
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R65: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_27_2019
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1065 - Disclosure - Leases - Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesDetail
     shortName: Leases - Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_27_2019
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R66: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:OperatingLeaseRevenueTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseLeaseIncomeLeasePayments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1066 - Disclosure - Leases - Operating Lease Revenue (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseRevenueDetail
     shortName: Leases - Operating Lease Revenue (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:OperatingLeaseRevenueTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseLeaseIncomeLeasePayments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R67: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedRemainderOfFiscalYear
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1067 - Disclosure - Leases - Lessor Operating Lease Payments To Be Received Maturity (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityDetail
     shortName: Leases - Lessor Operating Lease Payments To Be Received Maturity (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedRemainderOfFiscalYear
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R68: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1068 - Disclosure - Inventories - Components of Inventories (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/InventoriesComponentsOfInventoriesDetail
     shortName: Inventories - Components of Inventories (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R69: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Goodwill
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1069 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020_SquirrelBrandMemberusgaapBusinessAcquisitionAxis
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Goodwill
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R7: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: Unit_USD_per_Share
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1007 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Parenthetical)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Parenthetical)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R70: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1070 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Components of Identifiable Intangible Assets (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsComponentsOfIdentifiableIntangibleAssetsDetail
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Components of Identifiable Intangible Assets (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R71: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMemberusgaapIncomeStatementLocationAxis
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1071 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Amortization of Intangible Assets (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAmortizationOfIntangibleAssetsDetail
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Amortization of Intangible Assets (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMemberusgaapIncomeStatementLocationAxis
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R72: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1072 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Summary of Expected Amortization Expense (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfExpectedAmortizationExpenseDetail
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Summary of Expected Amortization Expense (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R73: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_29_2018
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1073 - Disclosure - Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Summary of Changes in Carrying Amount of Goodwill (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfChangesInCarryingAmountOfGoodwillDetail
     shortName: Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Summary of Changes in Carrying Amount of Goodwill (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_29_2018
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R74: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:LineOfCreditFacilityCovenantTerms
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:RevolvingCreditFacilityTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn03_05_2020_MinimumMembersrtRangeAxis_TierOneAlternativeMemberusgaapDebtInstrumentAxis
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:LineOfCreditCovenantOfRevolverAndUnrestrictedCashAfterAcquisition
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1074 - Disclosure -  Revolving Credit Facility - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Revolving Credit Facility - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:LineOfCreditFacilityCovenantTerms
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:RevolvingCreditFacilityTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn03_05_2020_MinimumMembersrtRangeAxis_TierOneAlternativeMemberusgaapDebtInstrumentAxis
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:LineOfCreditCovenantOfRevolverAndUnrestrictedCashAfterAcquisition
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R75: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020_ExecutiveOfficerMembersrtTitleOfIndividualAxis_PromissoryNoteMemberusgaapDebtInstrumentAxis
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InterestPaid
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1075 - Disclosure - Long-term Debt - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Long-term Debt - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020_ExecutiveOfficerMembersrtTitleOfIndividualAxis_PromissoryNoteMemberusgaapDebtInstrumentAxis
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InterestPaid
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R76: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
       us-gaap:LongTermDebtTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1076 - Disclosure - Long-term Debt - Long-term Debt (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail
     shortName: Long-term Debt - Long-term Debt (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
       us-gaap:LongTermDebtTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R77: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
       us-gaap:LongTermDebtTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020_MortgageFacilityTrancheAMemberusgaapLongtermDebtTypeAxis
      decimals: 4
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1077 - Disclosure - Long-term Debt - Long-term Debt (Parenthetical) (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtParentheticalDetail
     shortName: Long-term Debt - Long-term Debt (Parenthetical) (Detail)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
       us-gaap:LongTermDebtTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020_MortgageFacilityTrancheAMemberusgaapLongtermDebtTypeAxis
      decimals: 4
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R78: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1078 - Disclosure - Long-term Debt - Aggregate Maturities of Long-term Debt (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAggregateMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetail
     shortName: Long-term Debt - Aggregate Maturities of Long-term Debt (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R79: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1079 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Income Taxes - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R8: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ProfitLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1008 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ProfitLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R80: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1080 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Provision for Income Taxes (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     shortName: Income Taxes - Provision for Income Taxes (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R81: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1081 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Reconciliations of Income Taxes at Statutory Federal Income Tax Rate (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail
     shortName: Income Taxes - Reconciliations of Income Taxes at Statutory Federal Income Tax Rate (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R82: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:Deferredtaxassetstaxdeferredexpensereservesandaccrualsallowancefordoubtfulaccountsnoncurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1082 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     shortName: Income Taxes - Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:Deferredtaxassetstaxdeferredexpensereservesandaccrualsallowancefordoubtfulaccountsnoncurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R83: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_27_2019
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefits
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1083 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Schedule of Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail
     shortName: Income Taxes - Schedule of Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R84: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsTabletextblock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1084 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Unrecognized Tax Benefits (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail
     shortName: Income Taxes - Unrecognized Tax Benefits (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsTabletextblock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R85: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       jbss:RightOfElectingMembersOfBoardOfDirectorsPercentage
       div
       us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020_NoncumulativeCommonStockMemberusgaapStatementClassOfStockAxis
      decimals: 2
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:RightOfElectingMembersOfBoardOfDirectorsPercentage
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1085 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockholdersEquityAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Stockholders' Equity - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       jbss:RightOfElectingMembersOfBoardOfDirectorsPercentage
       div
       us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020_NoncumulativeCommonStockMemberusgaapStatementClassOfStockAxis
      decimals: 2
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:RightOfElectingMembersOfBoardOfDirectorsPercentage
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_pure
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R86: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1086 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation Plans - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Stock-Based Compensation Plans - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R87: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_27_2019
      decimals: 0
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1087 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation Plans - Summary of Stock Option Activity (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfStockOptionActivityDetail
     shortName: Stock-Based Compensation Plans - Summary of Stock Option Activity (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_27_2019
      decimals: 0
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R88: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGrantDateIntrinsicValueTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1088 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation Plans - Summary of Total Intrinsic Value of All Options Exercised and Total Cash Received from Exercise of Options (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfTotalIntrinsicValueOfAllOptionsExercisedAndTotalCashReceivedFromExerciseOfOptionsDetail
     shortName: Stock-Based Compensation Plans - Summary of Total Intrinsic Value of All Options Exercised and Total Cash Received from Exercise of Options (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGrantDateIntrinsicValueTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R89: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_27_2019
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1089 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation Plans - Summary of RSU Activity (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfRsuActivityDetail
     shortName: Stock-Based Compensation Plans - Summary of RSU Activity (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_27_2019
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R9: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1009 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Parenthetical)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlowsParenthetical
     shortName: Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Parenthetical)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R90: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1090 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation Plans - Summary of Compensation Expenses (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfCompensationExpensesDetail
     shortName: Stock-Based Compensation Plans - Summary of Compensation Expenses (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R91: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:DividendsDeclaredTableTextBlock
       jbss:DividendsTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P04_29_2020To04_29_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1091 - Disclosure - Cash Dividends - Summary of Cash Dividends (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsSummaryOfCashDividendsDetail
     shortName: Cash Dividends - Summary of Cash Dividends (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:DividendsDeclaredTableTextBlock
       jbss:DividendsTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P04_29_2020To04_29_2020
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:PaymentsOfDividends
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R92: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:DividendsDeclaredTableTextBlock
       jbss:DividendsTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P04_29_2020To04_29_2020
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1092 - Disclosure - Cash Dividends - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Cash Dividends - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R93: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:RoutePensionLiabilityTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:RoutePensionLiability
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1093 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plans - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Employee Benefit Plans - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       us-gaap:CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: jbss:PaymentToLaborers
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R94: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       us-gaap:CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020_K401PlanMemberusgaapPlanNameAxis
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1094 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plans - Expense for 401 (k) Plan (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansExpenseFor401KPlanDetail
     shortName: Employee Benefit Plans - Expense for 401 (k) Plan (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       us-gaap:CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020_K401PlanMemberusgaapPlanNameAxis
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R95: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:RoutePensionLiabilityTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:RoutePensionLiability
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1095 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plans - Total Route Pension Liability (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTotalRoutePensionLiabilityDetail
     shortName: Employee Benefit Plans - Total Route Pension Liability (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R96: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_27_2019
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1096 - Disclosure - Retirement Plan - Changes in Projected Benefit Obligation (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
     shortName: Retirement Plan - Changes in Projected Benefit Obligation (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R97: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020_SupplementalEmployeeRetirementPlanDefinedBenefitMemberusgaapRetirementPlanTypeAxis
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1097 - Disclosure - Retirement Plan - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Retirement Plan - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       div
       div
       us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: PAsOn06_25_2020_SupplementalEmployeeRetirementPlanDefinedBenefitMemberusgaapRetirementPlanTypeAxis
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R98: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:ScheduleOfActuarialGainLossInProjectedBenefitObligationTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:ChangeInAssumedPayIncreasesImpactingActuarialGainLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1098 - Disclosure - Retirement Plan - Components of Actuarial Loss Portion of Change in Projected Benefit Obligation (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfActuarialLossPortionOfChangeInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
     shortName: Retirement Plan - Components of Actuarial Loss Portion of Change in Projected Benefit Obligation (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       jbss:ScheduleOfActuarialGainLossInProjectedBenefitObligationTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: jbss:ChangeInAssumedPayIncreasesImpactingActuarialGainLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R99: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1099 - Disclosure - Retirement Plan - Schedule of Net Periodic Pension Cost (Detail)
     role: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanScheduleOfNetPeriodicPensionCostDetail
     shortName: Retirement Plan - Schedule of Net Periodic Pension Cost (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
       div
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: d930015d10k.htm
      contextRef: P06_28_2019To06_25_2020
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: Unit_USD
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
   }
   segmentCount: 77
   tag: {
    country_US: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: UNITED STATES
        terseLabel: United States [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: US
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    dei_AmendmentFlag: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.
        label: Amendment Flag
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmendmentFlag
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_CityAreaCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Area code of city
        label: City Area Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CityAreaCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_CoverAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cover page.
        label: Cover [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CoverAbstract
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.
        label: Current Fiscal Year End Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFiscalYearEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: gMonthDayItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentAnnualReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r466
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an annual report.
        label: Document Annual Report
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentAnnualReport
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fiscal period values are FY, Q1, Q2, and Q3.  1st, 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1, Q2, and Q3 respectively, with 10-K, 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.
        label: Document Fiscal Period Focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: fiscalPeriodItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
        label: Document Fiscal Year Focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalYearFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentInformationLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Document Information [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentInformationLineItems
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentInformationTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Container to support the formal attachment of each official or unofficial, public or private document as part of a submission package.
        label: Document Information [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentInformationTable
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
        label: Document Period End Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentPeriodEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentTransitionReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r465
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.
        label: Document Transition Report
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentTransitionReport
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentType: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.
        label: Document Type
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentType
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: submissionTypeItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name
        label: Entity Address, Address Line One
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine1
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the City or Town
        label: Entity Address, City or Town
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressCityOrTown
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Code for the postal or zip code
        label: Entity Address, Postal Zip Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressPostalZipCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the state or province.
        label: Entity Address, State or Province
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressStateOrProvince
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: stateOrProvinceItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCentralIndexKey: {
     auth_ref: [
      r467
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.
        label: Entity Central Index Key
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCentralIndexKey
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: centralIndexKeyItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument.
        label: Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Current Reporting Status
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCurrentReportingStatus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r467
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.
        label: Entity Emerging Growth Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityEmergingGrowthCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityFileNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.
        label: Entity File Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityFileNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: fileNumberItemType
    }
    dei_EntityFilerCategory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r467
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer, Accelerated Filer, Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Filer Category
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityFilerCategory
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: filerCategoryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.
        label: Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: edgarStateCountryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r468
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
        label: Entity Interactive Data Current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityInteractiveDataCurrent
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityPublicFloat: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.
        label: Entity Public Float
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityPublicFloat
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityRegistrantName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r467
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
        label: Entity Registrant Name
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityRegistrantName
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityShellCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r467
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
        label: Entity Shell Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityShellCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntitySmallBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r467
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).
        label: Entity Small Business
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntitySmallBusiness
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r467
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.
        label: Entity Tax Identification Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityTaxIdentificationNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: employerIdItemType
    }
    dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
        label: Entity Voluntary Filers
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityVoluntaryFilers
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A.
        label: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_LocalPhoneNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Local phone number for entity.
        label: Local Phone Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LocalPhoneNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_Security12bTitle: {
     auth_ref: [
      r463
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of a 12(b) registered security.
        label: Title of 12(b) Security
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Security12bTitle
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: securityTitleItemType
    }
    dei_SecurityExchangeName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r464
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.
        label: Security Exchange Name
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SecurityExchangeName
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: edgarExchangeCodeItemType
    }
    dei_TradingSymbol: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.
        label: Trading Symbol
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TradingSymbol
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
     ]
     xbrltype: tradingSymbolItemType
    }
    jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Policies [Line Items]
        label: Accounting Policies [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingPoliciesLineItems
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_AccumulatedAmortizationAndImpairmentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated Amortization And Impairment [Abstract]
        label: Accumulated Amortization And Impairment [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Less accumulated amortization:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedAmortizationAndImpairmentAbstract
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsComponentsOfIdentifiableIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_ActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Activity In Various Allowance And Reserve Accounts [Table Text Block]
        label: Activity In Various Allowance And Reserve Accounts [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Activity in Various Allowance and Reserve Accounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAndReservesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_ActuarialGainLossOther: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfActuarialLossPortionOfChangeInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Actuarial gain loss other.
        label: Actuarial Gain Loss Other
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ActuarialGainLossOther
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfActuarialLossPortionOfChangeInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_AdditionalUnsecuredSubordinatedIndebtednessMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additional Unsecured Subordinated Indebtedness [Member]
        label: Additional Unsecured Subordinated Indebtedness [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalUnsecuredSubordinatedIndebtednessMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_AlmondsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Almonds.
        label: Almonds [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AlmondsMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMixScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_AnnualInventoryPercentageRevisionEstimate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Annual inventory percentage revision estimate.
        label: Annual Inventory Percentage Revision Estimate
        terseLabel: Annual inventory percentage revision estimate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AnnualInventoryPercentageRevisionEstimate
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    jbss_AntiDilutiveSharesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Anti dilutive shares.
        label: Anti Dilutive Shares [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Anti Dilutive Shares [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntiDilutiveSharesAbstract
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_AwardsToAllParticipantsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Awards To All Participants [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AwardsToAllParticipantsMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredAcquisitionFinancing: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Business combination consideration transferred acquisition financing.
        label: Business Combination Consideration Transferred Acquisition Financing
        terseLabel: Business combination consideration transferred acquisition financing
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredAcquisitionFinancing
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredPromissoryNoteInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Business combination, consideration transferred promissory note interest rate.
        label: Business Combination Consideration Transferred Promissory Note Interest Rate
        terseLabel: Unsecured promissory note, periodic payment, principal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredPromissoryNoteInterestRate
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    }
    jbss_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredPromissoryNoteTerm: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Business combination, consideration transferred promissory note term.
        label: Business Combination Consideration Transferred Promissory Note Term
        terseLabel: Purchase price financed by seller through unsecured promissory note,term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredPromissoryNoteTerm
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    jbss_CashSurrenderValueOfOfficersLifeInsuranceAndOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 36.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash surrender value of officers' life insurance and other assets
        label: Cash Surrender Value Of Officers Life Insurance And Other Assets
        terseLabel: Cash surrender value of officers' life insurance and other assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashSurrenderValueOfOfficersLifeInsuranceAndOtherAssets
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_CashewsAndMixedNutsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cashews &amp; Mixed Nuts.
        label: Cashews And Mixed Nuts [Member]
        terseLabel: Cashews &amp; Mixed Nuts [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashewsAndMixedNutsMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMixScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_ChangeInAssumedPayIncreasesImpactingActuarialGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfActuarialLossPortionOfChangeInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Change In Assumed Pay Increases Impacting Actuarial Gain Loss
        label: Change In Assumed Pay Increases Impacting Actuarial Gain Loss
        terseLabel: Change in assumed pay increases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ChangeInAssumedPayIncreasesImpactingActuarialGainLoss
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfActuarialLossPortionOfChangeInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_ChangeInDiscountRateImpactingActuarialGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfActuarialLossPortionOfChangeInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Change In Discount Rate Impacting Actuarial Gain Loss
        label: Change In Discount Rate Impacting Actuarial Gain Loss
        terseLabel: Change in discount rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ChangeInDiscountRateImpactingActuarialGainLoss
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfActuarialLossPortionOfChangeInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_ChangeInMortalityAssumptionImpactingActuarialGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfActuarialLossPortionOfChangeInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Change in mortality assumption impacting actuarial gain (loss).
        label: Change In Mortality Assumption Impacting Actuarial Gain Loss
        terseLabel: Change in mortality assumptions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ChangeInMortalityAssumptionImpactingActuarialGainLoss
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfActuarialLossPortionOfChangeInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_ContractWthCustomerTimingOfSatisfactionOfPerformance: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contract with customer timing of satisfaction of performance.
        label: Contract Wth Customer Timing Of Satisfaction Of Performance
        terseLabel: Description of contract with customer payment terms
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractWthCustomerTimingOfSatisfactionOfPerformance
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_ConvertibleNumberOfCommonShares: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Convertible Number Of Common Shares
        label: Convertible Number Of Common Shares
        verboseLabel: Number of shares of Common Stock converted from each share of Class A Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConvertibleNumberOfCommonShares
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockholdersEquityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    jbss_CostsIncurredRelatedExtraordinaryFireEvent: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Costs incurred related extraordinary fire event.
        label: Costs Incurred Related Extraordinary Fire Event
        verboseLabel: Clean-up cost and damage to capital assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostsIncurredRelatedExtraordinaryFireEvent
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GarysburgNorthCarolinaFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_DamageFromFireInBusinessUnitAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Damage From Fire In Business Unit [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Garysburg, North Carolina Facility [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DamageFromFireInBusinessUnitAbstract
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItemsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Debt Disclosure Line Items [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Debt Disclosure [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureLineItemsLineItems
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_DebtDisclosureTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Debt Disclosure [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureTable
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_DebtInstrumentIncreaseInInterestRateInCaseOfDefault: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument Increase In Interest Rate In Case Of Default
        label: Debt Instrument Increase In Interest Rate In Case Of Default
        terseLabel: Percentage of increase in interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentIncreaseInInterestRateInCaseOfDefault
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    }
    jbss_DebtInstrumentPaymentCommencementPeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt instrument payment commencement period.
        label: Debt Instrument Payment Commencement Period
        verboseLabel: Unsecured promissory note, periodic payment,commencement date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentPaymentCommencementPeriod
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtParentheticalDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: gYearMonthItemType
    }
    jbss_DebtLongTermAndShortTermCombinedAmountNetOfUnamortizedDebtIssuanceCosts: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the aggregate of total long-term debt, including current maturities and short-term debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs.
        label: Debt Long Term And Short Term Combined Amount Net Of Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs
        totalLabel: Total Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtLongTermAndShortTermCombinedAmountNetOfUnamortizedDebtIssuanceCosts
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalizedLeasesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Assets Capitalized Leases Non Current
        label: Deferred Tax Assets Capitalized Leases NonCurrent
        terseLabel: Capitalized leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalizedLeasesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDepreciationAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Liabilities Depreciation And Amortization.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities Depreciation And Amortization
        negatedLabel: Depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDepreciationAndAmortization
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_Deferredtaxassetstaxdeferredexpensereservesandaccrualsallowancefordoubtfulaccountsnoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from the allowance for doubtful accounts, non current.
        label: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsNoncurrent
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Deferredtaxassetstaxdeferredexpensereservesandaccrualsallowancefordoubtfulaccountsnoncurrent
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfAoclDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined Benefit Plan Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Taxes
        label: Defined Benefit Plan Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Taxes
        terseLabel: Tax effect
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTaxes
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAndDefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined Benefit Plan and Defined Contribution Plan Disclosure [Line Items]
        label: Defined Benefit Plan And Defined Contribution Plan Disclosure [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAndDefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanDescriptionOfBonusPaymentBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Assumed amount and frequency of bonus payment used in calculating benefit obligation of the SERP.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan Description Of Bonus Payment Benefit Obligation
        terseLabel: Bonus payment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanDescriptionOfBonusPaymentBenefitObligation
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAssumptionsToCalculateBenefitObligationAndNetPeriodicCostsOfSerpDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanDescriptionOfBonusPaymentNetPeriodicCost: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Assumed amount and frequency of bonus payment used in calculating net periodic benefit cost of the SERP.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan Description Of Bonus Payment Net Periodic Cost
        terseLabel: Bonus payment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanDescriptionOfBonusPaymentNetPeriodicCost
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAssumptionsToCalculateBenefitObligationAndNetPeriodicCostsOfSerpDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_DisclosureOfFireNoteOnBusinessUnitTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of fire note on business unit.
        label: Disclosure Of Fire Note On Business Unit [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Garysburg, North Carolina Facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfFireNoteOnBusinessUnitTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GarysburgNorthCarolinaFacility
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_DividendsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Dividends.
        label: Dividends [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Cash Dividends
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DividendsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividends
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliation162MLimitationPercent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: It represents effective income tax rate reconciliation 162 m limitation percent.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation 162 M Limitation Percent
        terseLabel: Section 162(m) Limitation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliation162MLimitationPercent
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    jbss_ElginSiteMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Elgin Site [Member]
        label: Elgin Site [Member]
        terseLabel: Elgin Site [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ElginSiteMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_EmployeeContributionFirstThreePercentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Employee Contribution First Three Percent [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeContributionFirstThreePercentMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_EmployeeContributionNextTwoPercentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Employee Contribution Next Two Percent [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeContributionNextTwoPercentMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_EmployeesBenefitPlanExpenseTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Employees Benefit Plan Expense [Table Text Block]
        label: Employees Benefit Plan Expense [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Expense for 401(k) Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeesBenefitPlanExpenseTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_EmployeesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Employees [Member]
        terseLabel: Employees [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeesMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_EquityGrantCapMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Equity Grant Cap [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityGrantCapMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_ExcessCreditAvailability: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of excess availability required under the credit facility after the declaration of dividends.
        label: Excess Credit Availability
        verboseLabel: Excess availability required under the credit facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ExcessCreditAvailability
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_FacilityConsolidationProjectAndRealEstateTransactionsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policies relating to facility consolidation project and real estate transactions.
        label: Facility Consolidation Project And Real Estate Transactions [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Facility Consolidation Project/Real Estate Transactions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FacilityConsolidationProjectAndRealEstateTransactionsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_FireNotelineItemsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Fire Note Line Items [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Fire Note [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FireNotelineItemsLineItems
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GarysburgNorthCarolinaFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_FireNotetableTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Fire Note Table [Table]
        terseLabel: Fire Note [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FireNotetableTable
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GarysburgNorthCarolinaFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_FurnitureAndFixturesAndLeaseholdImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Furniture And Fixtures And Leasehold Improvements [Member]
        label: Furniture And Fixtures And Leasehold Improvements [Member]
        terseLabel: Furniture and leasehold improvements [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FurnitureAndFixturesAndLeaseholdImprovementsMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_FurnitureAndLeaseholdImprovements: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 31.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation of equipment commonly used in offices that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building and amount before accumulated depreciation of additions or improvements to assets held under a lease arrangement.
        label: Furniture And Leasehold Improvements
        terseLabel: Furniture and leasehold improvements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FurnitureAndLeaseholdImprovements
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Goodwill and Intangible Assets [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsLineItems
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_IncometaxdisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income Tax Disclosure [Line Items]
        label: IncomeTaxDisclosure [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncometaxdisclosureLineItems
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_IncreasedThresholdExclusionOfDividendsAndDistributions: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Increased threshold exclusion of dividends and distributions.
        label: Increased Threshold Exclusion of Dividends and Distributions
        terseLabel: Increased threshold exclusion of dividends and distributions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreasedThresholdExclusionOfDividendsAndDistributions
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_IncrementalRevolverMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Incremental Revolver [Member]
        label: Incremental Revolver [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncrementalRevolverMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_InitialLeaseTermForFairMarketValueRent: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Initial lease term for fair market value rent.
        label: Initial Lease Term For Fair Market Value Rent
        verboseLabel: Lease term of Texas properties
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InitialLeaseTermForFairMarketValueRent
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    jbss_K401PlanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: K 401 Plan [Member]
        terseLabel: 401(k) [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: K401PlanMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansExpenseFor401KPlanDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_LeasePeriodForRenewalOptionDescription: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lease period for renewal option description.
        label: Lease Period For Renewal Option Description
        terseLabel: Renewal options of Texas properties
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeasePeriodForRenewalOptionDescription
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_LineOfCreditCovenantMinimumAvailabilityOfRevolverAndUnrestrictedCashAfterProposedInvestments: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line Of credit covenant minimum availability of revolver and unrestricted cash after proposed investments.
        label: Line Of Credit Covenant Minimum Availability Of Revolver And Unrestricted Cash After Proposed Investments
        terseLabel: Revolver availability plus unrestricted cash after proposed investments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditCovenantMinimumAvailabilityOfRevolverAndUnrestrictedCashAfterProposedInvestments
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_LineOfCreditCovenantOfRevolverAndUnrestrictedCashAfterAcquisition: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line of credit covenant of revolver and unrestricted cash after acquisition.
        label: Line of Credit Covenant of Revolver and Unrestricted Cash After Acquisition
        terseLabel: Revolver availability plus unrestricted cash after acquisition
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditCovenantOfRevolverAndUnrestrictedCashAfterAcquisition
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_MaximumAmountOfOptionsOrStockAppreciationRights: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum amount of options or SARs that can be granted to participant in one calendar year.
        label: Maximum Amount Of Options Or Stock Appreciation Rights
        terseLabel: Maximum number of stock options or stock appreciation rights awarded to an individual
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MaximumAmountOfOptionsOrStockAppreciationRights
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum Number Of Share Based Awards
        label: Maximum Number Of Share Based Awards
        terseLabel: Maximum number of shares that may be awarded to participant in one calendar year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    jbss_MinimumLoanAvailabilityRequiredBeforeFixedChargeCoverageRatioCovenantIsApplicable: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum loan availability required before fixed charge coverage ratio covenant is applicable.
        label: Minimum Loan Availability Required Before Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio Covenant Is Applicable
        verboseLabel: Minimum loan availability required before fixed charge coverage ratio covenant is applicable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinimumLoanAvailabilityRequiredBeforeFixedChargeCoverageRatioCovenantIsApplicable
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_MinimumRepurchasePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum repurchase price.
        label: Minimum Repurchase Price
        terseLabel: Minimum amount accepted for repurchase
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinimumRepurchasePrice
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_MortgageFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Mortgage Facility [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MortgageFacilityMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheAMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Mortgage Facility Tranche A [Member].
        label: Mortgage Facility Tranche A [Member]
        terseLabel: Mortgage Facility Tranche A [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MortgageFacilityTrancheAMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtParentheticalDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheBMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Mortgage Facility Tranche B [Member].
        label: Mortgage Facility Tranche B [Member]
        terseLabel: Mortgage Facility Tranche B [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MortgageFacilityTrancheBMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtParentheticalDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_NetWorthToBeMaintainedSpecifiedUnderMortgageFacility: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Mortgage Facility contain covenants to maintain specified net worth
        label: Net Worth To Be Maintained Specified Under Mortgage Facility
        terseLabel: Mortgage Facility contain covenants to maintain specified net worth
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetWorthToBeMaintainedSpecifiedUnderMortgageFacility
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_NonCurrentOperatingLeaseLiabilitiesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Non current operating lease liabilities member.
        label: Non Current Operating Lease Liabilities [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonCurrentOperatingLeaseLiabilitiesMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_NonEmployeeDirectorsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Non Employee Directors [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonEmployeeDirectorsMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_NoncumulativeCommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Common Stock, non-cumulative voting rights of one vote per share.
        label: Noncumulative Common Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Common Stock, Non-Cumulative Voting Rights of One Vote Per Share [Member]
        verboseLabel: Common Stock, Non-Cumulative Voting Rights of One Vote Per Share [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NoncumulativeCommonStockMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockholdersEquityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_NumberOfBuildingsLocatedOnSite: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of buildings located on site.
        label: Number Of Buildings Located On Site
        terseLabel: Number of buildings located on site
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfBuildingsLocatedOnSite
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    jbss_NumberOfCustomersExceedingTenPercentOfSales: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number Of Customers Exceeding Ten Percent Of Sales
        label: Number Of Customers Exceeding Ten Percent Of Sales
        terseLabel: Number of customers exceeding ten percent of sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfCustomersExceedingTenPercentOfSales
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    jbss_NumberOfNoncumulativeVotingPerShare: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number Of Noncumulative Voting Per Share
        label: Number Of Noncumulative Voting Per Share
        verboseLabel: Noncumulative voting rights per share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfNoncumulativeVotingPerShare
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockholdersEquityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    jbss_NumberOfVotingPerShareOnOtherMatters: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of votes per share on all other matters which Class A and Common holders are entitled to vote.
        label: Number Of Voting Per Share On Other Matters
        verboseLabel: Number of votes per share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfVotingPerShareOnOtherMatters
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockholdersEquityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    jbss_OperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating lease assets and liabilities table text block.
        label: Operating Lease Assets And Liabilities [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Supplemental information related to operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_OperatingLeaseCashFlowsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating lease cash flows abstract.
        label: Operating Lease Cash Flows [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Operating cash flows information:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseCashFlowsAbstract
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeasesCashFlowRelatedInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_OperatingLeaseRemainingLeaseTerm: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating lease remaining lease term.
        label: Operating Lease Remaining Lease Term
        terseLabel: Remaining lease term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseRemainingLeaseTerm
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    jbss_OperatingLeaseRevenueTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating lease revenue table text block.
        label: Operating Lease Revenue [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of operating lease revenue
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseRevenueTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAssetsRecognized: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating Lease Right Of Use Assets Recognized.
        label: Operating Lease Right Of Use Assets Recognized
        terseLabel: Right-of-use assets recognized at ASU No.\u00a02016-02 transition, see Note 3
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAssetsRecognized
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_OperatingLeaserightOfUseassetsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating lease\u00a0right of use\u00a0assets member.
        label: Operating LeaseRight Of UseAssets [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaserightOfUseassetsMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_OperatingLeasesCashFlowRelatedInformationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating leases cash flow related information table text block.
        label: Operating Leases Cash Flow Related Information [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Supplemental cash flow and other information related to leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesCashFlowRelatedInformationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_OperatingLeasesNoncashActivityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating leases non-cash activity abstract.
        label: Operating Leases NonCash Activity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Non-cash\u00a0activity:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesNoncashActivityAbstract
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeasesCashFlowRelatedInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_OperatingLeasesNotYetCommenced: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating leases not yet commenced.
        label: Operating Leases Not Yet Commenced
        terseLabel: Operating leases not yet commenced
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesNotYetCommenced
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_OtherInformationRelatedToOperatingLeaseTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other information related to operating lease table text block.
        label: Other Information Related to Operating Lease [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of other information
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherInformationRelatedToOperatingLeaseTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_OtherProductMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other.
        label: Other Product [Member]
        terseLabel: Other [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherProductMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMixScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_OtherStockBasedAwardsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Stock Based Awards [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherStockBasedAwardsMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_PaymentToLaborers: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Payment To Laborers
        label: Payment To Laborers
        terseLabel: Monthly payment including interest based on terms of settlement with labor union
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentToLaborers
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_PeanutsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Peanuts.
        label: Peanuts [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PeanutsMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMixScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_PecansMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Pecans.
        label: Pecans [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PecansMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMixScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_PercentOfDecreaseInWeightedAverageSellingPricePerPound: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percent of decrease in weighted average selling price per pound.
        label: Percent Of Decrease In Weighted Average Selling Price Per Pound
        terseLabel: Percent of decrease in weighted average selling price per pound
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PercentOfDecreaseInWeightedAverageSellingPricePerPound
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SupplementaryQuarterlyDataUnauditedUnauditedQuarterlyConsolidatedFinancialDataParentheticalDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    jbss_PercentageOfBuildingNotBuiltOut: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of building not built-out.
        label: Percentage Of Building Not Built Out
        terseLabel: Percentage of building currently not been built-out
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PercentageOfBuildingNotBuiltOut
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage Of Gross Product Sales
        label: Percentage Of Gross Product Sales
        terseLabel: Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PercentageOfGrossProductSales
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMixScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    jbss_PercentageOfIndividualTaxPositionMinimum: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Threshold of likelihood of being sustained that tax position must exceed in order to be recorded in the financial statements.
        label: Percentage Of Individual Tax Position Minimum
        terseLabel: Percentage of likelihood to record liabilities for uncertain tax positions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PercentageOfIndividualTaxPositionMinimum
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_PercentageOfPurchasePriceOnFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage Of Purchase Price On Fair Value
        label: Percentage Of Purchase Price On Fair Value
        terseLabel: Option percentage of fair value to purchase the properties
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PercentageOfPurchasePriceOnFairValue
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    jbss_PercentageOfPurchasePriceOnFairValueIncErtainCircumstances: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage Of Purchase Price On Fair Value In Certain Circumstances
        label: Percentage Of Purchase Price On Fair Value InC ertain Circumstances
        terseLabel: Option percentage of fair value to purchase the properties in certain circumstances
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PercentageOfPurchasePriceOnFairValueIncErtainCircumstances
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    jbss_PercentageOfRentableAreaCurrentlyVacant: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of rentable area currently vacant.
        label: Percentage Of Rentable Area Currently Vacant
        terseLabel: Percentage of rentable area currently vacant
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PercentageOfRentableAreaCurrentlyVacant
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    jbss_PeriodToShellBulkStoredNutInventories: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period To Shell Bulk Stored Nut Inventories
        label: Period To Shell Bulk Stored Nut Inventories
        terseLabel: Period to shell bulk stored nut inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PeriodToShellBulkStoredNutInventories
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationStringItemType
    }
    jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Product type reporting Information.
        label: Product Type Reporting Information [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Product Type Reporting Information [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMixScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_ProductTypeSalesMixTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for product type sales mix.
        label: Product Type Sales Mix [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Product Type Sales Mix
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductTypeSalesMixTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMix
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_PromissoryNoteMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Promissory note.
        label: Promissory Note [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PromissoryNoteMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 26.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Property, plant and equipment, before rental investment property.
        label: Property Plant And Equipment
        totalLabel: Property, plant and equipment net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Property Plant And Equipment Estimated Useful Lives [Line Items]
        label: Property Plant And Equipment Estimated Useful Lives [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Property Plant And Equipment Estimated Useful Lives [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Property Plant And Equipment Estimated Useful Lives [Table]
        label: Property Plant And Equipment Estimated Useful Lives [Table]
        terseLabel: Property Plant And Equipment Estimated Useful Lives [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTable
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Property, plant and equipment estimated useful lives.
        label: Property Plant And Equipment Estimated Useful Lives [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Estimated Useful Lives of Property, Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_PropertySoldToRelatedParty: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Property Sold To Related Party
        label: Property Sold To Related Party
        verboseLabel: Selling price of Texas properties sold to related party partnerships
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertySoldToRelatedParty
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_PurchaseMoneyAndCapitalLeaseBasketMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Purchase Money and Capital Lease Basket [Member]
        label: Purchase Money and Capital Lease Basket [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PurchaseMoneyAndCapitalLeaseBasketMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_RentalAndMiscellaneousExpenseNet: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 12.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Rental and miscellaneous expense, net
        label: Rental And Miscellaneous Expense Net
        terseLabel: Rental and miscellaneous expense, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RentalAndMiscellaneousExpenseNet
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_RentalInvestmentPropertyNetOfAccumulatedDepreciation: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 35.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Rental investment property net of accumulated depreciation.
        label: Rental Investment Property Net Of Accumulated Depreciation
        verboseLabel: Rental investment property, less accumulated depreciation of $12,018 and $11,212, respectively
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RentalInvestmentPropertyNetOfAccumulatedDepreciation
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_ReserveForCashDiscountsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reserve for cash discounts.
        label: Reserve For Cash Discounts [Member]
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Reserve for Cash Discounts [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReserveForCashDiscountsMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAndReservesActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_ReserveForCustomerDeductionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reserve for customer deductions.
        label: Reserve For Customer Deduction [Member]
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Reserve for Customer Deductions [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReserveForCustomerDeductionMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAndReservesActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_RevolvingCreditFacilityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Revolving Credit Facility [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityAbstract
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_RevolvingCreditFacilityTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revolving credit facility.
        label: Revolving Credit Facility [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Revolving Credit Facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacility
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_RightOfElectingMembersOfBoardOfDirectorsPercentage: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Right Of Electing Members Of Board Of Directors Percentage
        label: Right Of Electing Members Of Board Of Directors Percentage
        verboseLabel: Percentage of members comprising the Board of Directors elected by the holders of Common Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RightOfElectingMembersOfBoardOfDirectorsPercentage
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockholdersEquityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    jbss_RoutePensionLiability: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Route Pension Liability
        label: Route Pension Liability
        terseLabel: Long-term liability recorded for withdrawal from multi-employer plan
        verboseLabel: Route pension liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RoutePensionLiability
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTotalRoutePensionLiabilityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_RoutePensionLiabilityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Route pension liability.
        label: Route Pension Liability [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Route Pension Liability [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RoutePensionLiabilityAbstract
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTotalRoutePensionLiabilityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_RoutePensionLiabilityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Route Pension Liability [Table Text Block]
        label: Route Pension Liability [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Total Route Pension Liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RoutePensionLiabilityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_SalesChannelCommercialIngredientsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sales channel commercial ingredients.
        label: Sales Channel Commercial Ingredients [Member]
        terseLabel: Commercial Ingredients [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SalesChannelCommercialIngredientsMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionSummaryOfRevenueDisaggregatedBySalesChannelDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_SalesChannelContractPackagingMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sales channel contract packaging.
        label: Sales Channel Contract Packaging [Member]
        terseLabel: Contract Packaging [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SalesChannelContractPackagingMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionSummaryOfRevenueDisaggregatedBySalesChannelDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_ScheduleOfActuarialGainLossInProjectedBenefitObligationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of actuarial gain loss in projected benefit obligation.
        label: Schedule Of Actuarial Gain Loss In Projected Benefit Obligation [Abstract]
        verboseLabel: Schedule Of Actuarial Gain Loss In Projected Benefit Obligation [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfActuarialGainLossInProjectedBenefitObligationAbstract
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfActuarialLossPortionOfChangeInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_ScheduleOfActuarialGainLossInProjectedBenefitObligationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of actuarial loss (gain) portion of the change in projected benefit obligation.
        label: Schedule Of Actuarial Gain Loss In Projected Benefit Obligation [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Components of Actuarial (Gain) Loss Portion of Change in Projected Benefit Obligation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfActuarialGainLossInProjectedBenefitObligationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_ScheduleOfAdvertisingExpensesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Advertising expenses, recorded in selling expenses.
        label: Schedule Of Advertising Expenses [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Marketing and Advertising Expenses, Recorded in Selling Expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAdvertisingExpensesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_ScheduleOfDepreciationExpensesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of depreciation expenses.
        label: Schedule Of Depreciation Expenses [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Depreciation Expense for Last Three Fiscal Years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDepreciationExpensesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_ScheduleOfDividendsPayableAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Schedule Of Dividends Payable [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Schedule Of Dividends Payable [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDividendsPayableAbstract
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsSummaryOfCashDividendsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_ScheduleOfResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Research and development expense.
        label: Schedule Of Research And Development Expense [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Research and Development Expenses for Last Three Fiscal Years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_ScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of sales by product type as percentage of gross sales.
        label: Schedule Of Sales By Product Type As Percentage Of Gross Sales [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Sales by Product Type as Percentage of Gross Sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMixTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_ScheduleOfShippingAndHandlingCostsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Shipping and handling costs.
        label: Schedule Of Shipping And Handling Costs [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Shipping and Handling Cost for Last Three Fiscal Years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShippingAndHandlingCostsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationDueInInstallmentsThroughSeptemberOneTwoThousandThirtyOneMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Selma Texas Facility Financing Obligation Due In Installments Through September One Two Thousand Thirty One [Member]
        verboseLabel: Selma Texas Facility Financing Obligation Due in Installments through September 1, 2031 [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationDueInInstallmentsThroughSeptemberOneTwoThousandThirtyOneMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtParentheticalDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Selma Texas Facility Financing Obligation [Member].
        label: Selma Texas Facility Financing Obligation [Member]
        terseLabel: Selma, Texas Properties [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityinstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodTotalFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share based compensation arrangement by share based payment award equity instruments other than options grants in period total fair value.
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award EquityInstruments Other Than Options Grants In Period Total Fair Value
        terseLabel: Fair value of RSUs granted
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityinstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodTotalFairValue
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumAmountPayableInCashAndProperty: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Maximum Amount Payable in Cash and Property.
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Maximum Amount Payable In Cash And Property
        terseLabel: Amount that may be paid to any participant for awards payable in cash or property other than Common Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumAmountPayableInCashAndProperty
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantedExercisablePercent: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of stock options that vest and are exercisable on an annual basis.
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Options Granted Exercisable Percent
        terseLabel: Percentage of options granted under Equity Incentive Plan exercisable annually
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantedExercisablePercent
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    jbss_SharebasedcompensationarrangementbyshareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingNumberVestedAndDeferred: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share based compensation arrangement by share based payment award equity instruments other than options outstanding number vested and deferred.
        label: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShare Based Payment Award Equity Instruments Other Than Options Outstanding Number Vested And Deferred
        terseLabel: Restricted stock units vested
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedcompensationarrangementbyshareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingNumberVestedAndDeferred
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    jbss_ShippingAndHandlingChargePolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs, including whether the charges are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales, disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
        label: Shipping And Handling Charge [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Shipping and Handling Costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShippingAndHandlingChargePolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_ShippingAndHandlingCostsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Shipping and handling costs.
        label: Shipping And Handling Costs [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShippingAndHandlingCostsAbstract
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCost: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Shipping handling and transportation cost.
        label: Shipping Handling And Transportation Cost
        terseLabel: Shipping and handling costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCost
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesShippingAndHandlingCostForLastThreeFiscalYearsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_SpecialDividendAmountPerShare: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The per share amount of a special dividend declared, as of the financial reporting date.
        label: Special Dividend Amount Per Share
        terseLabel: Special cash dividend
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SpecialDividendAmountPerShare
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SubsequentEventAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    jbss_SquirrelBrandMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Squirrel Brand [Member]
        label: Squirrel Brand [Member]
        terseLabel: Squirrel Brand [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SquirrelBrandMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtParentheticalDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_StateAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: State [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StateAxis
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_StateDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: State [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StateDomain
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_StockholdersEquityLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Stockholders Equity [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityLineItems
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockholdersEquityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_SupplementalDisclosuresOfNonCashInvestingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Supplemental Disclosures Of Non Cash Investing Activities [Abstract]
        label: Supplemental Disclosures Of Non Cash Investing Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SupplementalDisclosuresOfNonCashInvestingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    jbss_TierOneAlternativeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tier one alternative.
        label: Tier One Alternative [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TierOneAlternativeMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_TierTwoAlternativeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tier two alternative.
        label: Tier Two Alternative [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TierTwoAlternativeMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_TrailAndSnackMixesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trail and snack mixes.
        label: Trail And Snack Mixes [Member]
        terseLabel: Trail &amp; Snack Mixes [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TrailAndSnackMixesMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMixScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Two Thousand And Fourteen Omnibus Plan [Member]
        terseLabel: 2014 Omnibus Plan [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Unrecognized tax benefits increases reductions resulting from lapse of applicable statute of limitations.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits Increases Reductions Resulting From Lapse Of Applicable Statute Of Limitations
        terseLabel: Lapse of statute of limitations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsTabletextblock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Unrecognized tax benefits, that if recognized, would affect the annual effective tax rate on income from continuing operations.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits TableTextBlock
        terseLabel: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsTabletextblock
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    jbss_UnsecuredPromissoryNoteMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Unsecured Promissory Note [Member].
        label: Unsecured Promissory Note [Member]
        terseLabel: Unsecured Promissory Note [Member]
        verboseLabel: Unsecured Promissory Note [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnsecuredPromissoryNoteMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtParentheticalDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_UnsecuredSubordinatedIndebtednessMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Unsecured Subordinated Indebtedness [Member]
        label: Unsecured Subordinated Indebtedness [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnsecuredSubordinatedIndebtednessMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_VehiclesGross: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 32.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation of vehicles.
        label: Vehicles Gross
        terseLabel: Vehicles
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VehiclesGross
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    jbss_WalnutsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Walnuts.
        label: Walnuts [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WalnutsMember
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMixScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    jbss_WeightedAverageExercisePriceOfAntiDilutiveOptionsOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average exercise price of anti dilutive options outstanding.
        label: Weighted Average Exercise Price Of Anti Dilutive Options Outstanding
        terseLabel: Weighted average exercise price per share:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageExercisePriceOfAntiDilutiveOptionsOutstanding
     nsuri: http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20200625
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfAntiDilutiveAwardsExcludedFromComputationOfDilutedEarningsPerShareDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    srt_ExecutiveOfficerMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r171
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Person with designation of executive officer.
        label: Executive Officer [Member]
        terseLabel: Executive Officer [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ExecutiveOfficerMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MaximumMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Upper limit of the provided range.
        label: Maximum [Member]
        terseLabel: Maximum [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MaximumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MinimumMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lower limit of the provided range.
        label: Minimum [Member]
        terseLabel: Minimum [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinimumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ProductOrServiceAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r168
      r247
      r249
      r453
      r455
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by product and service, or group of similar products and similar services.
        label: Product and Service [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductOrServiceAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMixScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ProductsAndServicesDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Product or service, or a group of similar products or similar services.
        label: Product and Service [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductsAndServicesDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMixScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_RangeAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by statistical measurement. Includes, but is not limited to, minimum, maximum, weighted average, arithmetic average, and median.
        label: Range [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_RangeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Statistical measurement. Includes, but is not limited to, minimum, maximum, weighted average, arithmetic average, and median.
        label: Range [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ScenarioUnspecifiedDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Scenario reported, distinguishing information from actual fact. Includes, but is not limited to, pro forma and forecast. Excludes actual facts.
        label: Scenario, Unspecified [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScenarioUnspecifiedDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r134
      r471
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAndReserves
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    srt_SegmentGeographicalDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Geographical area.
        label: Geographical [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentGeographicalDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_StatementGeographicalAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169
      r247
      r250
      r456
      r458
      r461
      r469
      r470
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by geographical components.
        label: Geographical [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementGeographicalAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_StatementScenarioAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r218
      r425
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by scenario reported, distinguishing information from actual fact. Includes, but is not limited to, pro forma and forecast. Excludes actual facts.
        label: Scenario [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementScenarioAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r171
      r420
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by title of individual or nature of relationship to individual or group of individuals.
        label: Title of Individual [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TitleOfIndividualAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of individual, or nature of relationship to individual or group of individuals.
        label: Title of Individual [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAndReservesActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    stpr_CA: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: CANADA
        terseLabel: California [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CA
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    stpr_IL: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: ILLINOIS
        terseLabel: Illinois [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IL
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingGuidanceMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Previous accounting guidance and the new accounting guidance.
        label: Accounting Guidance [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingGuidanceMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingPoliciesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r400
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842).
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accounts Payable, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsPayableCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45
      r130
      r419
      r421
      r422
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount for accounts payable to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accounts Payable, Related Parties, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts payable, related party payables
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/TransactionsWithRelatedPartiesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold.
        label: Accounts Receivable [Member]
        terseLabel: Accounts Receivable [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsReceivableMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r3
      r25
      r172
      r173
      r248
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 22.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business, classified as current.
        label: Accounts Receivable, Net, Current
        verboseLabel: Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $391 and $350, respectively
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsReceivableNetCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r64
      r72
      r75
      r275
      r374
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to defined benefit plans attributable to the parent.
        label: Accumulated Defined Benefit Plans Adjustment Attributable to Parent [Member]
        terseLabel: Amortization of Defined Benefit Pension Items [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetPriorServiceCostCreditMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r66
      r72
      r75
      r274
      r374
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to prior service cost (credit) component of defined benefit plans attributable to the parent.
        label: Accumulated Defined Benefit Plans Adjustment, Net Prior Service Attributable to Parent [Member]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Defined Benefit Plans Adjustment, Net Prior Service Attributable to Parent [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetPriorServiceCostCreditMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetUnamortizedGainLossMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r63
      r72
      r75
      r274
      r374
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to gain (loss) component of defined benefit plans attributable to the parent.
        label: Accumulated Defined Benefit Plans Adjustment, Net Gain (Loss) Attributable to Parent [Member]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Defined Benefit Plans Adjustment, Net Gain (Loss) Attributable to Parent [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetUnamortizedGainLossMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43
      r210
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 34.0
       parentTag: jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipment
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
        label: Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment
        terseLabel: Less: Accumulated depreciation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r65
      r72
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfAoclDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after tax, of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for defined benefit plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, Defined Benefit Plan, after Tax
        totalLabel: Net amount unrecognized
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68
      r71
      r72
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 18.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax
        periodEndLabel: Balance at end of period
        periodStartLabel: Balance at beginning of period
        terseLabel: Accumulated other comprehensive loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r67
      r72
      r75
      r374
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, attributable to the parent. Excludes net income (loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
        label: AOCI Attributable to Parent [Member]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 16.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital, capital in excess of par, capital surplus, or paid-in capital.
        label: Additional Paid in Capital, Common Stock
        terseLabel: Capital in excess of par value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.
        label: Additional Paid-in Capital [Member]
        terseLabel: Capital in Excess of Par Value [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r136
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by new accounting pronouncement.
        label: Adjustments for New Accounting Pronouncements [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r291
      r293
      r322
      r323
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase to additional paid-in capital (APIC) for recognition of cost for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Share-based Compensation, Requisite Service Period Recognition
        terseLabel: Stock-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r325
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising cost.
        label: Advertising Costs, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Marketing and Advertising Costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r326
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount charged to advertising expense for the period, which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand, product or product line.
        label: Advertising Expense
        terseLabel: Marketing and advertising expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdvertisingExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesMarketingAndAdvertisingExpensesRecordedInSellingExpensesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r293
      r317
      r321
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes amount capitalized.
        label: Allocated Share-based Compensation Expense
        terseLabel: Compensation cost charged to earnings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfCompensationExpensesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r133
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Allowance for credit loss from right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Allowance, Credit Loss [Member]
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Allowance for Doubtful Accounts [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllowanceForCreditLossMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAndReservesActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r31
      r175
      r180
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable, classified as current.
        label: Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Receivable, Current
        terseLabel: Allowance for doubtful accounts for accounts receivable, current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r114
      r196
      r201
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense, this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
        label: Amortization of Intangible Assets
        verboseLabel: Amortization of intangible assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAmortizationOfIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) or earnings per unit (EPU) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU because to do so would increase EPS or EPU amounts or decrease loss per share or unit amounts for the period presented.
        label: Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share, Amount
        terseLabel: Weighted average number of anti-dilutive shares:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesSummaryOfAntiDilutiveAwardsExcludedFromComputationOfDilutedEarningsPerShareDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Asset Retirement Obligation Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetRetirementObligationDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Assets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r166
      r430
      r442
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: Assets
        totalLabel: TOTAL ASSETS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Assets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets [Abstract]
        terseLabel: ASSETS
        verboseLabel: Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r4
      r5
      r62
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 20.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: Assets, Current
        totalLabel: TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: CURRENT ASSETS:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r295
      r319
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Award Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AwardTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location on balance sheet (statement of financial position).
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r378
      r379
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the balance sheet (statement of financial position).
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BankOverdrafts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49
      r229
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of payments made in excess of existing cash balances, which will be honored by the bank but reflected as a loan to the entity. Overdrafts generally have a very short time frame for correction or repayment and are therefore more similar to short-term bank financing than trade financing.
        label: Bank Overdrafts
        terseLabel: Bank overdraft
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BankOverdrafts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BuildingMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r209
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Facility held for productive use including, but not limited to, office, production, storage and distribution facilities.
        label: Building [Member]
        terseLabel: Buildings [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BuildingMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r7
      r209
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 29.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition, improvement, or renovation to the structure, including, but not limited to, interior masonry, interior flooring, electrical, and plumbing.
        label: Buildings and Improvements, Gross
        terseLabel: Buildings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BuildingsAndImprovementsGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAcquireeDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identification of the acquiree in a material business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations), which may include the name or other type of identification of the acquiree.
        label: Business Acquisition, Acquiree [Domain]
        terseLabel: Business Acquisition, Acquiree [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionAcquireeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsComponentsOfIdentifiableIntangibleAssetsDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtParentheticalDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r365
      r366
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by business combination or series of individually immaterial business combinations.
        label: Business Acquisition [Axis]
        terseLabel: Business Acquisition [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsComponentsOfIdentifiableIntangibleAssetsDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtParentheticalDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEffectiveDateOfAcquisition1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r362
      r363
      r364
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Date when the acquirer obtains control of the acquiree, in CCYY-MM-DD format.
        label: Business Acquisition, Effective Date of Acquisition
        verboseLabel: Date of acquisition
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionEffectiveDateOfAcquisition1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r123
      r361
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for completed business combinations (purchase method, acquisition method or combination of entities under common control). This accounting policy may include a general discussion of the purchase method or acquisition method of accounting (including for example, the treatment accorded contingent consideration, the identification of assets and liabilities, the purchase price allocation process, how the fair values of acquired assets and liabilities are determined) and the entity's specific application thereof. An entity that acquires another entity in a leveraged buyout transaction generally discloses the accounting policy followed by the acquiring entity in determining the basis used to value its interest in the acquired entity, and the rationale for that accounting policy.
        label: Business Combinations Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Business Combinations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessCombinationsPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1
      r40
      r116
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 21.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value
        terseLabel: Cash
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r109
      r116
      r122
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
        periodEndLabel: Cash, end of period
        periodStartLabel: Cash, beginning of period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect: {
     auth_ref: [
      r109
      r389
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease), Including Exchange Rate Effect
        totalLabel: NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfStockDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share of stock differentiated by the voting rights the holder receives. Examples include, but are not limited to, common stock, redeemable preferred stock, nonredeemable preferred stock, and convertible stock.
        label: Class of Stock [Domain]
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Domain]
        verboseLabel: Current:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfStockDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsSummaryOfCashDividendsDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansExpenseFor401KPlanDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTotalRoutePensionLiabilityDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeasesCashFlowRelatedInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMixScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanBenefitsExpectedToBePaidInNextTenFiscalYearsDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfActuarialLossPortionOfChangeInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfAoclDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockholdersEquityAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SubsequentEventAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Class of Stock [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfStockLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r56
      r217
      r434
      r447
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof, and (2) is exposed to potential losses or, less frequently, gains, arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms, and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies
        terseLabel: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingencies
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r216
      r226
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CommitmentsAndContingencies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonClassAMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Classification of common stock representing ownership interest in a corporation.
        label: Common Class A [Member]
        terseLabel: Class A Common Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonClassAMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockholdersEquityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared: {
     auth_ref: [
      r240
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate dividends declared during the period for each share of common stock outstanding.
        label: Common Stock, Dividends, Per Share, Declared
        presentationGuidance: Cash dividends declared per share
        terseLabel: Cash dividends declared per common share
        verboseLabel: Cash dividends per common share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SupplementaryQuarterlyDataUnauditedUnauditedQuarterlyConsolidatedFinancialDataDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.
        label: Common Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share
        terseLabel: Common stock, par value
        verboseLabel: Common stock, par value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockholdersEquityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.
        label: Common Stock, Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Common stock, shares authorized
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
        label: Common Stock, Shares, Issued
        terseLabel: Common stock, shares issued
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24
      r235
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.
        label: Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding
        terseLabel: Common stock, shares outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 15.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
        label: Common Stock, Value, Issued
        terseLabel: Common Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r254
      r257
      r290
      r324
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for an entity's employee compensation and benefit plans, including, but not limited to, postemployment and postretirement benefit plans, defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans, non-qualified and supplemental benefit plans, deferred compensation, share-based compensation, life insurance, severance, health care, unemployment and other benefit plans.
        label: Compensation and Employee Benefit Plans [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Employee Benefit Plans
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlans
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Retirement Benefits [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78
      r80
      r81
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income, attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent
        totalLabel: Comprehensive income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for comprehensive income, which includes, but is not limited to, 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income, including reclassification adjustments, 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss) Note [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLoss
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for comprehensive income.
        label: Comprehensive Income, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Comprehensive Income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
      r159
      r386
      r387
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The denominator in a calculation of a disclosed concentration risk percentage.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
      r159
      r386
      r387
      r457
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by benchmark of concentration risk.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
      r159
      r386
      r387
      r457
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of concentration risk, for example, but not limited to, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender.
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
      r159
      r386
      r387
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount, which serves as the \benchmark\ (or denominator) in the equation, this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
        label: Concentration Risk, Percentage
        terseLabel: Percentage of concentration risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskPercentage1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
      r159
      r386
      r387
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk as a percentage of some financial balance or benchmark, identifies the type (for example, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender) of the concentration.
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r209
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 33.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of structure or a modification to a structure under construction. Includes recently completed structures or modifications to structures that have not been placed into service.
        label: Construction in Progress, Gross
        terseLabel: Construction in progress
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConstructionInProgressGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r244
      r245
      r248
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time.
        label: Contract with Customer, Asset, Net
        terseLabel: Contract assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractWithCustomerAssetNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r252
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by sales channel for delivery of good or service in contract with customer.
        label: Contract with Customer, Sales Channel [Axis]
        terseLabel: Contract with Customer, Sales Channel [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionSummaryOfRevenueDisaggregatedBySalesChannelDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sales channel for delivery of good or service in contract with customer. Includes, but is not limited to, directly to consumer and through intermediary.
        label: Contract with Customer, Sales Channel [Domain]
        terseLabel: Contract with Customer, Sales Channel [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ContractWithCustomerSalesChannelDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionSummaryOfRevenueDisaggregatedBySalesChannelDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. This excludes costs incurred during the reporting period related to financial services rendered and other revenue generating activities.
        label: Cost of Goods and Services Sold
        terseLabel: Cost of sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r388
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that a specified receivable or amount at risk from a counterparty under a contractual arrangement is to a specified benchmark, such as total receivables, net revenues, pretax results. Risk is the materially adverse effects of loss attributable to (a) the failure to collect a significant receivable from a major customer or group of homogeneous accounts, or (b) a failure by a counterparty to perform under terms of a contractual arrangement.
        label: Credit Concentration Risk [Member]
        terseLabel: Credit Concentration Risk [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditConcentrationRiskMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Axis]
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Domain]
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126
      r350
      r355
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current Federal Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126
      r350
      r355
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to taxable income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        totalLabel: Total current expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations [Abstract]
        verboseLabel: Current:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126
      r350
      r355
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current State and Local Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r157
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that revenues in the period from one or more significant customers is to net revenues, as defined by the entity, such as total net revenues, product line revenues, segment revenues. The risk is the materially adverse effects of loss of a significant customer.
        label: Customer Concentration Risk [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer Concentration Risk [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerConcentrationRiskMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r369
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customer relationship that exists between an entity and its customer, for example, but not limited to, tenant relationships.
        label: Customer Relationships [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer Relationships [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerRelationshipsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsComponentsOfIdentifiableIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DamageFromFireExplosionOrOtherHazardMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r224
      r225
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Risk of loss from uninsured portions of losses resulting from fire, explosion or other hazard.
        label: Damage from Fire, Explosion or Other Hazard [Member]
        terseLabel: Damage from Fire, Explosion or Other Hazard [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DamageFromFireExplosionOrOtherHazardMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GarysburgNorthCarolinaFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Debt Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r17
      r18
      r19
      r431
      r432
      r441
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of debt instrument, including, but not limited to, draws against credit facilities.
        label: Debt Instrument [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r393
      r395
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face (par) amount of debt instrument at time of issuance.
        label: Debt Instrument, Face Amount
        verboseLabel: Amounts of term loans
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentFaceAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Debt Instrument [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtParentheticalDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
      r385
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid, in CCYY-MM-DD format.
        label: Debt Instrument, Maturity Date
        terseLabel: Long-term debt, maturity date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentMaturityDate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtParentheticalDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The name for the particular debt instrument or borrowing that distinguishes it from other debt instruments or borrowings, including draws against credit facilities.
        label: Debt Instrument, Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
      r439
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the required periodic payments including both interest and principal payments.
        label: Debt Instrument, Periodic Payment
        terseLabel: Monthly installment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtParentheticalDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        disclosureGuidance: Unsecured promissory note, periodic payment, principal
        documentation: Amount of the required periodic payments applied to principal.
        label: Debt Instrument, Periodic Payment, Principal
        verboseLabel: Unsecured promissory note, periodic payment, principal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtParentheticalDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
      r128
      r236
      r237
      r238
      r239
      r392
      r393
      r395
      r440
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to long-term debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtParentheticalDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAggregateMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the aggregate of total long-term debt, including current maturities and short-term debt.
        label: Debt, Long-term and Short-term, Combined Amount
        terseLabel: Carrying value of long-term debt:
        totalLabel: Total long-term debt maturities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAggregateMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesCarryingValueAndFairValueEstimateOfCurrentAndLongTermDebtDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126
      r351
      r355
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Deferred federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsCurrentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r61
      r394
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after accumulated amortization, of debt issuance costs classified as current. Includes, but is not limited to, legal, accounting, underwriting, printing, and registration costs.
        label: Debt Issuance Costs, Current, Net
        terseLabel: Unamortized debt issuance costs, current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFinanceCostsCurrentNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44
      r394
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after accumulated amortization, of debt issuance costs classified as noncurrent. Includes, but is not limited to, legal, accounting, underwriting, printing, and registration costs.
        label: Debt Issuance Costs, Noncurrent, Net
        terseLabel: Unamortized debt issuance costs, noncurrent
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r346
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 37.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards, with jurisdictional netting.
        label: Deferred Income Tax Assets, Net
        terseLabel: Deferred income taxes
        totalLabel: Net deferred tax asset \u2014 long term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r114
      r126
      r351
      r355
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 14.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Deferred income tax expense (benefit)
        totalLabel: Total deferred expense (benefit)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Deferred:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126
      r351
      r355
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Deferred state
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from intangible assets including goodwill.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Goodwill and Intangible Assets
        terseLabel: Goodwill and intangible assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330
      r348
      r349
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from inventory.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Inventory
        terseLabel: Inventory
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsInventory
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrentClassificationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Net of Valuation Allowance, Noncurrent Classification [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Deferred tax assets (liabilities):
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrentClassificationAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
      r348
      r349
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before allocation of valuation allowance, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from employee benefits, classified as other.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits, Employee Benefits
        terseLabel: Workers' compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefits
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
      r348
      r349
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from employee compensation.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits, Employee Compensation
        terseLabel: Employee compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r348
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from pension benefits.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits, Pensions
        terseLabel: Retirement plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
      r348
      r349
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from share-based compensation.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits, Share-based Compensation Cost
        terseLabel: Share based compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330
      r348
      r349
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before allocation of valuation allowance, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from provisions, reserves, allowances, and accruals, classified as other.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Other
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18
      r258
      r259
      r265
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liability, recognized in statement of financial position, for defined benefit pension plan, classified as current. Excludes other postretirement benefit plan.
        label: Liability, Defined Benefit Pension Plan, Current
        terseLabel: Current portion of the SERP liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r266
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered, excluding assumptions about future compensation level.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Accumulated Benefit Obligation
        terseLabel: Accumulated benefit obligation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
      r275
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfAoclDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax, of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Gain (Loss), before Tax
        negatedLabel: Unrecognized net loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
      r275
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfAoclDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax, of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for cost (credit) of benefit change attributable to participants' prior service from plan amendment or plan initiation of defined benefit plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, Prior Service Cost (Credit), before Tax
        terseLabel: Unrecognized prior service cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r263
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfActuarialLossPortionOfChangeInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) from change in actuarial assumptions which (increases) decreases benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Assumptions include, but are not limited to, interest, mortality, employee turnover, salary, and temporary deviation from substantive plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Benefit Obligation, Actuarial Gain (Loss)
        totalLabel: Actuarial loss (gain)
        verboseLabel: Actuarial loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfActuarialLossPortionOfChangeInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses: {
     auth_ref: [
      r271
      r285
      r287
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanScheduleOfNetPeriodicPensionCostDetail: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit of defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Amortization of Gain (Loss)
        negatedTerseLabel: Recognized loss amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanScheduleOfNetPeriodicPensionCostDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r272
      r286
      r287
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanScheduleOfNetPeriodicPensionCostDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of prior service cost (credit) recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit) of defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit)
        verboseLabel: Prior service cost amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanScheduleOfNetPeriodicPensionCostDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Amounts Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows, used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation, Discount Rate
        terseLabel: Discount rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAssumptionsToCalculateBenefitObligationAndNetPeriodicCostsOfSerpDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease: {
     auth_ref: [
      r278
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate increase of compensation, used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Plan includes, but is not limited to, pay-related defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation, Rate of Compensation Increase
        terseLabel: Average rate of compensation increases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAssumptionsToCalculateBenefitObligationAndNetPeriodicCostsOfSerpDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows, used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost, Discount Rate
        terseLabel: Discount rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAssumptionsToCalculateBenefitObligationAndNetPeriodicCostsOfSerpDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease: {
     auth_ref: [
      r278
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate of compensation increase used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan. Plan includes, but is not limited to, pay-related defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost, Rate of Compensation Increase
        terseLabel: Rate of compensation increases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAssumptionsToCalculateBenefitObligationAndNetPeriodicCostsOfSerpDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r260
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of actuarial present value of benefits attributed to service rendered by employee for defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Benefit Obligation
        periodEndLabel: Projected benefit obligation at end of year
        periodStartLabel: Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r264
      r288
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of payment to participant of defined benefit plan which decreases benefit obligation. For pension plan, payment includes, but is not limited to, pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan, payment includes, but is not limited to, prescription drug benefits, health care benefits, life insurance benefits, and legal, educational and advisory services.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Benefit Obligation, Benefits Paid
        negatedLabel: Benefits paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Change in Benefit Obligation [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureBenefitPaymentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payment [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureBenefitPaymentsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanBenefitsExpectedToBePaidInNextTenFiscalYearsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear: {
     auth_ref: [
      r279
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan expected to be recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit for fiscal year following most recent annual statement of financial position.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Amortization of Gain (Loss), Next Fiscal Year
        terseLabel: Net loss to be recognized in the next fiscal year as net pension expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCreditNextFiscalYear: {
     auth_ref: [
      r279
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount included in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for prior service cost (credit) expected to be recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit) for fiscal year following most recent annual statement of financial position.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit), Next Fiscal Year
        terseLabel: Prior service cost to be recognized in the next fiscal year as net pension expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCreditNextFiscalYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter: {
     auth_ref: [
      r267
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in five fiscal years after fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payment, Five Fiscal Years Thereafter
        terseLabel: 2026 \u2014 2030
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanBenefitsExpectedToBePaidInNextTenFiscalYearsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r267
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payment, Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanBenefitsExpectedToBePaidInNextTenFiscalYearsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r267
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payment, Year Five
        terseLabel: 2025
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanBenefitsExpectedToBePaidInNextTenFiscalYearsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r267
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in fourth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payment, Year Four
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanBenefitsExpectedToBePaidInNextTenFiscalYearsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r267
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in third fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payment, Year Three
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanBenefitsExpectedToBePaidInNextTenFiscalYearsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r267
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefits for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Expected Future Benefit Payment, Year Two
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanBenefitsExpectedToBePaidInNextTenFiscalYearsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262
      r270
      r284
      r287
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanScheduleOfNetPeriodicPensionCostDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost recognized for passage of time related to defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Interest Cost
        terseLabel: Interest cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanScheduleOfNetPeriodicPensionCostDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268
      r282
      r287
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanScheduleOfNetPeriodicPensionCostDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of net periodic benefit cost (credit) for defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit)
        totalLabel: Net periodic benefit cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanScheduleOfNetPeriodicPensionCostDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r261
      r269
      r283
      r287
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanScheduleOfNetPeriodicPensionCostDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost for actuarial present value of benefits attributed to service rendered by employee for defined benefit plan.
        label: Defined Benefit Plan, Service Cost
        terseLabel: Service cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanScheduleOfNetPeriodicPensionCostDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Defined Benefit Plans and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans Table Text Block [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAssumptionsToCalculateBenefitObligationAndNetPeriodicCostsOfSerpDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r289
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost for defined contribution plan.
        label: Defined Contribution Plan, Cost
        terseLabel: 401(k) plan expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansExpenseFor401KPlanDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Defined Contribution Plan Disclosure [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansExpenseFor401KPlanDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of employees' gross pay for which the employer contributes a matching contribution to a defined contribution plan.
        label: Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Matching Contribution, Percent of Employees' Gross Pay
        terseLabel: Percent of employee contribution under contributory plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage employer matches of the employee's percentage contribution matched.
        label: Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Matching Contribution, Percent of Match
        terseLabel: Matching percentage by employer for 401(k) plan contributions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Depreciation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r114
      r208
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of expense recognized in the current period that reflects the allocation of the cost of tangible assets over the assets' useful lives. Includes production and non-production related depreciation.
        label: Depreciation
        terseLabel: Depreciation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Depreciation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDepreciationExpenseForLastThreeFiscalYearsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DepreciationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Depreciation [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Depreciation [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DepreciationAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r114
      r164
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 12.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets, intangible assets, or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
        label: Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization
        terseLabel: Depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Dilutive Securities, Effect on Basic Earnings Per Share [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Effect of dilutive securities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DilutiveSecuritiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesWeightedAverageSharesOutstandingUsedInComputingBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionSummaryOfRevenueDisaggregatedBySalesChannelDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table]
        terseLabel: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionSummaryOfRevenueDisaggregatedBySalesChannelDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r247
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Summary of Revenue Disaggregated by Sales Channel
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r324
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs, Share-based Payments [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Stock-Based Compensation Plans
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlans
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs, Share-based Payments [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear: {
     auth_ref: [
      r119
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Date the declared dividend will be paid, in CCYY-MM-DD format.
        label: Dividends Payable, Date to be Paid
        terseLabel: Dividend payable date
        verboseLabel: Payment Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsSummaryOfCashDividendsDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SubsequentEventAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash: {
     auth_ref: [
      r240
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of paid and unpaid common stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash.
        label: Dividends, Common Stock, Cash
        negatedLabel: Cash dividends
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DividendsCommonStockCash
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DividendsDeclaredTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of information related to dividends declared, including paid and unpaid dividends.
        label: Dividends Declared [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Cash Dividends
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DividendsDeclaredTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r119
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        definitionGuidance: Dividend Per Share
        documentation: The per share amount of a dividend declared, but not paid, as of the financial reporting date.
        label: Dividends Payable, Amount Per Share
        terseLabel: Annual common stock dividend declared
        verboseLabel: Annual cash dividend
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DividendsPayableAmountPerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsSummaryOfCashDividendsDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SubsequentEventAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear: {
     auth_ref: [
      r119
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Date the dividend to be paid was declared, in CCYY-MM-DD format.
        label: Dividends Payable, Date Declared
        terseLabel: Dividend payable date, declared day
        verboseLabel: Declaration Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsSummaryOfCashDividendsDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SubsequentEventAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Date the holder must own the stock to be entitled to the dividend, in CCYY-MM-DD format.
        label: Dividends Payable, Date of Record
        terseLabel: Stockholders of record date
        verboseLabel: Record Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsSummaryOfCashDividendsDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SubsequentEventAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45
      r130
      r418
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets, represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Due to Related Parties, Current
        terseLabel: Current maturities of long-term debt, related party debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54
      r130
      r418
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Portion of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties that is payable after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle if longer.
        label: Due to Related Parties, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Related party debt, Non-current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87
      r137
      r140
      r141
      r142
      r143
      r147
      r437
      r451
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        definitionGuidance: Basic earnings per common share
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Basic
        verboseLabel: Net income per common share \u2014 basic
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SupplementaryQuarterlyDataUnauditedUnauditedQuarterlyConsolidatedFinancialDataDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87
      r137
      r140
      r141
      r142
      r143
      r147
      r437
      r451
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Diluted
        presentationGuidance: Diluted earnings per common share
        verboseLabel: Net income per common share \u2014 diluted
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareDiluted
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SupplementaryQuarterlyDataUnauditedUnauditedQuarterlyConsolidatedFinancialDataDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r123
      r144
      r145
      r146
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors, including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends, splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Earnings per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r129
      r334
      r335
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Percent
        totalLabel: Effective tax rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r334
      r335
      r354
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss).
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Percent
        terseLabel: Federal statutory income tax rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r334
      r335
      r354
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to changes in the income tax rates.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Enacted Tax Rate, Percent
        terseLabel: Impact of Tax Reform
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r334
      r335
      r354
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to deduction for qualified production activity.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Deduction, Qualified Production Activity, Percent
        negatedLabel: Domestic manufacturing deduction
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r334
      r335
      r354
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation, attributable to nondeductible expense for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Nondeductible Expense, Share-based Compensation Cost, Percent
        terseLabel: Windfall tax benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r334
      r335
      r354
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Other Adjustments, Percent
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r334
      r335
      r354
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit), net of federal tax expense (benefit).
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, State and Local Income Taxes, Percent
        terseLabel: State income taxes, net of federal benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r334
      r335
      r354
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to income tax contingencies. Includes, but not limited to, domestic tax contingency, foreign tax contingency, state and local tax contingency, and other contingencies.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Tax Contingency, Percent
        terseLabel: Uncertain tax positions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch: {
     auth_ref: [
      r334
      r335
      r354
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to research tax credit.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Tax Credit, Research, Percent
        negatedLabel: Research and development tax credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesReconciliationsOfIncomeTaxesAtStatutoryFederalIncomeTaxRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees, such as accrued salaries and bonuses, payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Employee-related Liabilities, Current
        terseLabel: Accrued payroll and related benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r318
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost not yet recognized for nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Employee Service Share-based Compensation, Nonvested Awards, Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized
        terseLabel: Unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested share-based compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r318
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Employee Service Share-based Compensation, Nonvested Awards, Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized, Period for Recognition
        terseLabel: Expected weighted average recognize period of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r317
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax benefit for recognition of expense of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Employee Service Share-based Compensation, Tax Benefit from Compensation Expense
        terseLabel: Income tax benefit recognized
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfCompensationExpensesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r235
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common, preferred, treasury stock, retained earnings, etc.
        label: Equity Component [Domain]
        terseLabel: Equity Component [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityComponentDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Fair Value Disclosures [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Disclosures [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueDisclosuresAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets, liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include, but are not limited to, how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.
        label: Fair Value Measurement, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Fair Value of Financial Instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FederalHomeLoanBanksAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Federal Home Loan Banks [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FederalHomeLoanBanksAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r200
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsComponentsOfIdentifiableIntangibleAssetsDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated amount of amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Accumulated Amortization
        negatedLabel: Total accumulated amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsComponentsOfIdentifiableIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r202
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: June 24, 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfExpectedAmortizationExpenseDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of amortization expense of assets, excluding financial assets, that lack physical substance, having a limited useful life.
        label: Finite-lived Intangible Assets Amortization Expense [Table Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Amortization of Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r202
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Five
        terseLabel: June 26, 2025
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfExpectedAmortizationExpenseDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r202
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Four
        terseLabel: June 27, 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfExpectedAmortizationExpenseDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r202
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Three
        terseLabel: June 29, 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfExpectedAmortizationExpenseDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r202
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Year Two
        terseLabel: June 30, 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfExpectedAmortizationExpenseDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r197
      r198
      r200
      r203
      r428
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by major type or class of finite-lived intangible assets.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis]
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsComponentsOfIdentifiableIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseCurrentAndFiveSucceedingFiscalYearsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Amortization Expense, Maturity Schedule [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseCurrentAndFiveSucceedingFiscalYearsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r200
      r428
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsComponentsOfIdentifiableIntangibleAssetsDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Gross
        terseLabel: Total intangible assets, gross
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsComponentsOfIdentifiableIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAmortizationOfIntangibleAssetsDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsComponentsOfIdentifiableIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r197
      r199
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The major class of finite-lived intangible asset (for example, patents, trademarks, copyrights, etc.) A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsComponentsOfIdentifiableIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r200
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 39.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsComponentsOfIdentifiableIntangibleAssetsDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Net
        terseLabel: Intangible assets, net
        totalLabel: Net intangible assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsComponentsOfIdentifiableIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r114
      r207
      r213
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 13.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets, excluding oil and gas property and timber property.
        label: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment, Excluding Oil and Gas Property and Timber Property
        negatedLabel: (Gain) loss on disposition of properties, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity, including affiliates of the reporting entity, which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line.
        label: General and Administrative Expense
        terseLabel: Administrative expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing general and administrative expense.
        label: General and Administrative Expense [Member]
        verboseLabel: Administrative Expenses [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAmortizationOfIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Goodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r186
      r188
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 38.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        definitionGuidance: Net balance at June 29, 2018
        documentation: Amount after accumulated impairment loss of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill
        presentationGuidance: Balance at June 25, 2020
        terseLabel: Goodwill
        verboseLabel: Goodwill related to acquisition of Squirrel Brand
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Goodwill
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfChangesInCarryingAmountOfGoodwillDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized resulting from a business combination.
        label: Goodwill, Acquired During Period
        verboseLabel: Fiscal 2019 and 2020 activity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfChangesInCarryingAmountOfGoodwillDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]
        verboseLabel: Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r204
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for goodwill and intangible assets.
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Goodwill and Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssets
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r123
      r193
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill, how reporting units are determined, how goodwill is allocated to such units, and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Goodwill, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Goodwill
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r189
      r192
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated impairment loss of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill, Gross
        verboseLabel: Gross goodwill balance at June 29, 2018
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfChangesInCarryingAmountOfGoodwillDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r189
      r192
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated impairment loss for an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill, Impaired, Accumulated Impairment Loss
        negatedLabel: Accumulated impairment losses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfChangesInCarryingAmountOfGoodwillDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r114
      r187
      r191
      r194
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of loss from the write-down of an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill, Impairment Loss
        terseLabel: Goodwill impairment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillImpairmentLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GrossProfit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity.
        label: Gross Profit
        terseLabel: Gross profit
        totalLabel: Gross profit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GrossProfit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SupplementaryQuarterlyDataUnauditedUnauditedQuarterlyConsolidatedFinancialDataDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse: {
     auth_ref: [
      r114
      r206
      r212
      r460
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long lived assets held for use (including those held for disposal by means other than sale).
        label: Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Held-for-use
        terseLabel: Recorded impairments of long - lived assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r123
      r205
      r215
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for recognizing and measuring the impairment of long-lived assets. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for long-lived assets to be sold. This policy excludes goodwill and intangible assets.
        label: Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85
      r137
      r429
      r435
      r452
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations, including income (loss) from equity method investments, before deduction of income tax expense (benefit), and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Noncontrolling Interest
        totalLabel: Income before income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r214
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location in the income statement.
        label: Income Statement Location [Axis]
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAmortizationOfIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the income statement.
        label: Income Statement Location [Domain]
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAmortizationOfIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r360
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information.
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxes
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationLikelihoodOfUnfavorableSettlement: {
     auth_ref: [
      r328
      r337
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Description of the likelihood that an uncertainty in income taxes will not be sustained as a result of the examination by the taxing authority.
        label: Income Tax Examination, Likelihood of Unfavorable Settlement
        terseLabel: Percentage of likelihood where no benefit for uncertain tax positions is recorded
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxExaminationLikelihoodOfUnfavorableSettlement
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126
      r165
      r357
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 14.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.
        label: Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Income tax expense
        totalLabel: Total income tax expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r82
      r123
      r332
      r333
      r344
      r345
      r347
      r359
      r459
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes, which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other carryforwards, methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
        label: Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r111
      r118
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income.
        label: Income Taxes Paid
        terseLabel: Income taxes paid, excluding refunds of $18, $16, and $40, respectively
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxesPaid
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Receivable
        negatedLabel: Accounts receivable, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accrued Liabilities
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to taxing authorities for taxes that are based on the reporting entity's earnings, net of amounts receivable from taxing authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes, and in deferred and other tax liabilities and assets.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Income Taxes
        terseLabel: Income taxes receivable/payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxes
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity, associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Inventories
        negatedLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInInventories
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital [Abstract]
        verboseLabel: Change in assets and liabilities, net of Acquisition:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in noncurrent assets classified as other.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Other Noncurrent Assets
        negatedLabel: Other long-term assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in operating liabilities classified as other.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Other Operating Liabilities
        terseLabel: Other long-term liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses, and assets classified as other.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense and Other Assets
        negatedLabel: Prepaid expenses and other current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r391
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of interest capitalized during the period.
        label: Interest Costs Capitalized
        terseLabel: Interest costs capitalized
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestCostsCapitalized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r84
      r163
      r390
      r394
      r438
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 11.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense.
        label: Interest Expense
        verboseLabel: Interest expense including $821, $1,143 and $1,103 to related parties, respectively
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpenseRelatedParty: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of interest expense incurred on a debt or other obligation to related party.
        label: Interest Expense, Related Party
        terseLabel: Interest expense to related parties
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpenseRelatedParty
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncomeParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r118
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash paid for interest, including, but not limited to, capitalized interest and payment to settle zero-coupon bond attributable to accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount; classified as operating and investing activities.
        label: Interest Paid, Including Capitalized Interest, Operating and Investing Activities
        terseLabel: Interest paid on promissory note
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestPaid
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r106
      r110
      r118
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash paid for interest, excluding capitalized interest, classified as operating activity. Includes, but is not limited to, payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.
        label: Interest Paid, Excluding Capitalized Interest, Operating Activities
        terseLabel: Interest paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestPaidNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r185
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes, but is not limited to, the basis of stating inventory, the method of determining inventory cost, the classes of inventory, and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/Inventories
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsAndWorkInProcessNetOfReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32
      r33
      r184
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/InventoriesComponentsOfInventoriesDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregated amount of merchandise or goods held by the entity and readily available for future sale plus items held by the entity which are partially complete or in the process of being readied for future sale. This amount is net of valuation reserves and adjustments.
        label: Inventory, Finished Goods and Work in Process, Net of Reserves
        terseLabel: Work-in-process and finished goods
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryFinishedGoodsAndWorkInProcessNetOfReserves
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/InventoriesComponentsOfInventoriesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2
      r59
      r181
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 23.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/InventoriesComponentsOfInventoriesDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Inventory, Net
        terseLabel: Inventories
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/InventoriesComponentsOfInventoriesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r11
      r60
      r123
      r148
      r182
      r183
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes, including, but not limited to, basis for determining inventory amounts, methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes, loss recognition on impairment of inventories, and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.
        label: Inventory, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves: {
     auth_ref: [
      r34
      r184
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/InventoriesComponentsOfInventoriesDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount, net of valuation reserves and adjustments, as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.
        label: Inventory, Raw Materials, Net of Reserves
        terseLabel: Raw material and supplies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/InventoriesComponentsOfInventoriesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Land: {
     auth_ref: [
      r6
      r42
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 28.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depletion of real estate held for productive use, excluding land held for sale.
        label: Land
        terseLabel: Land
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Land
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets, including but not limited to, furniture and equipment, that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line.
        label: Operating Leases, Rent Expense
        terseLabel: Rental expense under operating leases agreements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseAndRentalExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r413
      r415
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLeasecostDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lease cost recognized by lessee for lease contract.
        label: Lease, Cost
        totalLabel: Total Lease Cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLeasecostDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseCostTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r413
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes, but is not limited to, interest expense for finance lease, amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease, operating lease cost, short-term lease cost, variable lease cost and sublease income.
        label: Lease, Cost [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of company's total lease costs and other information arising from operating lease transactions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseCostTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeasesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Leases [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Leases [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeasesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r404
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for leasing arrangement entered into by lessee.
        label: Lessee, Leases [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/Leases
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseDiscountRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r406
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discount rate used by lessee to determine present value of operating lease payments.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Discount Rate
        terseLabel: Discount rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseDiscountRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLeaseNotYetCommencedTermOfContract1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r405
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Term of lessee's operating lease not yet commenced, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Lease Not yet Commenced, Term of Contract
        terseLabel: Lessee operating lease lease not yet commenced term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLeaseNotYetCommencedTermOfContract1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r414
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes, but is not limited to, reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Maturity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of maturities of operating lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r414
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due
        totalLabel: Total lease payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r414
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityDetail: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due after fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due after Year Five
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r414
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesDetail: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: June 24, 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r414
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityDetail: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due in fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due Year Five
        terseLabel: June 26, 2025
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r414
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityDetail: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due in fourth fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due Year Four
        terseLabel: June\u00a027, 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r414
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due in third fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due Year Three
        terseLabel: June\u00a029, 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r414
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due Year Two
        terseLabel: June\u00a030, 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsRemainderOfFiscalYear: {
     auth_ref: [
      r414
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease having an initial or remaining lease term in excess of one year due in remainder of fiscal year following latest fiscal year.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Remainder of Fiscal Year
        verboseLabel: June\u00a024, 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsRemainderOfFiscalYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r414
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments in excess of discounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Undiscounted Excess Amount
        negatedLabel: Less imputed interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceived: {
     auth_ref: [
      r416
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lease payments to be received by lessor for operating lease.
        label: Lessor, Operating Lease, Payments to be Received
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceived
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedFiveYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r416
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityDetail: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceived
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lease payments to be received by lessor in fifth fiscal year following latest fiscal year for operating lease. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest statement of financial position date.
        label: Lessor, Operating Lease, Payments to be Received, Five Years
        terseLabel: June 26, 2025
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedFiveYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedFourYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r416
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityDetail: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceived
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lease payments to be received by lessor in fourth year following latest fiscal year for operating lease. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on rolling approach, from latest statement of financial position date.
        label: Lessor, Operating Lease, Payments to be Received, Four Years
        terseLabel: June\u00a027, 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedFourYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r416
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of maturity of undiscounted cash flows to be received by lessor on annual basis for operating lease.
        label: Lessor, Operating Lease, Payments to be Received, Maturity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Undiscounted fixed lease consideration under non-cancelable tenant operating leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedRemainderOfFiscalYear: {
     auth_ref: [
      r416
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceived
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lease payments to be received by lessor in remainder of fiscal year following latest fiscal year for operating lease. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on rolling approach, from latest statement of financial position date.
        label: Lessor, Operating Lease, Payments to be Received, Remainder of Fiscal Year
        terseLabel: June\u00a024, 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedRemainderOfFiscalYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedThereafter: {
     auth_ref: [
      r416
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityDetail: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceived
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lease payments to be received by lessor after fifth fiscal year following latest statement of financial position date for operating lease. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on rolling approach, from latest statement of financial position date.
        label: Lessor, Operating Lease, Payments to be Received, Thereafter
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedThereafter
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedThreeYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r416
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceived
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lease payments to be received by lessor in third fiscal year following latest fiscal year for operating lease. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on rolling approach, from latest statement of financial position date.
        label: Lessor, Operating Lease, Payments to be Received, Three Years
        terseLabel: June\u00a029, 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedThreeYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedTwoYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r416
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceived
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lease payments to be received by lessor in second fiscal year following latest fiscal year for operating lease. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on rolling approach, from latest statement of financial position date.
        label: Lessor, Operating Lease, Payments to be Received, Two Years
        terseLabel: June\u00a030, 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedTwoYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceivedMaturityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The total amount of the contingent obligation under letters of credit outstanding as of the reporting date.
        label: Letters of Credit Outstanding, Amount
        terseLabel: Outstanding letters of credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Liabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future.
        label: Liabilities
        totalLabel: TOTAL LIABILITIES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Liabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r30
      r433
      r445
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any.
        label: Liabilities and Equity
        totalLabel: TOTAL LIABILITIES &amp; STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities and Equity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: LIABILITIES &amp; STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer.
        label: Liabilities, Current
        totalLabel: TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: CURRENT LIABILITIES:
        verboseLabel: Current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r12
      r13
      r14
      r19
      r20
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Liabilities, Noncurrent
        totalLabel: TOTAL LONG-TERM LIABILITIES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities, Noncurrent [Abstract]
        terseLabel: LONG-TERM LIABILITIES:
        verboseLabel: Noncurrent
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19
      r432
      r441
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit, which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis, or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision, (2) no violation exists at the BS date, and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
        label: Long-term Line of Credit
        terseLabel: Revolving credit facility borrowings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCovenantTerms: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Description of the conditions for borrowing under the credit facility including the nature of any restrictions.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Covenant Terms
        terseLabel: Revolving credit facility covenants
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityCovenantTerms
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Borrowing Capacity
        terseLabel: Revolving loan commitment and letter of credit sub facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of borrowing capacity currently available under the credit facility (current borrowing capacity less the amount of borrowings outstanding).
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Remaining Borrowing Capacity
        terseLabel: Available credit under the Credit Facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r17
      r431
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit, which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis, or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision, (2) no violation exists at the BS date, and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
        label: Line of Credit, Current
        terseLabel: Revolving credit facility borrowings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LinesOfCreditCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19
      r232
      r432
      r443
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt
        terseLabel: Amounts of term loans
        verboseLabel: Debt obligation outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: jbss_DebtLongTermAndShortTermCombinedAmountNetOfUnamortizedDebtIssuanceCosts
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt and lease obligation, classified as noncurrent.
        label: Long-term Debt and Capital Lease Obligations
        terseLabel: Total long-term debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs
        verboseLabel: Long-term debt, less current maturities, including related party debt of $8,947 and $11,495, respectively and net of unamortized debt issuance costs of $19 and $44, respectively
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: jbss_DebtLongTermAndShortTermCombinedAmountNetOfUnamortizedDebtIssuanceCosts
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt and lease obligation, classified as current.
        label: Long-term Debt and Capital Lease Obligations, Current
        negatedLabel: Less: Current maturities, net of unamortized debt issuance costs
        terseLabel: Current maturities of long-term debt, including related party debt of $585 and $4,375, respectively and net of unamortized debt issuance costs of $25 and $35, respectively
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAggregateMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Principal amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt and Capital Lease Obligations, Repayments of Principal in Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: June 24, 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAggregateMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally, this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.
        label: Long-term Debt, Fair Value
        terseLabel: Fair value of long-term debt:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesCarryingValueAndFairValueEstimateOfCurrentAndLongTermDebtDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132
      r230
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAggregateMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetail: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal after Year Five
        verboseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAggregateMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132
      r230
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAggregateMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetail: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Five
        terseLabel: June 26, 2025
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAggregateMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132
      r230
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAggregateMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetail: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Four
        terseLabel: June 27, 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAggregateMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132
      r230
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAggregateMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Three
        terseLabel: June 29, 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAggregateMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132
      r230
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAggregateMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Year Two
        terseLabel: June 30, 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAggregateMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The interest rate applicable to the portion of the carrying amount of long-term borrowings outstanding as of the balance sheet date, including current maturities, which accrues interest at a set, unchanging rate.
        label: Long-term Debt, Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest, Percentage Rate
        terseLabel: Interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtParentheticalDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r233
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for long-term debt.
        label: Long-term Debt [Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Long-Term Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebt
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-term debt.
        label: Long-term Debt, Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtParentheticalDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
      r231
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of long-term debt arrangement, such as notes, line of credit, commercial paper, asset-based financing, project financing, letter of credit financing. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.
        label: Long-term Debt, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtParentheticalDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r217
      r218
      r219
      r220
      r221
      r222
      r223
      r227
      r228
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of existing condition, situation, or set of circumstances involving uncertainty as to possible loss to an enterprise that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur.
        label: Loss Contingency Nature [Axis]
        terseLabel: Loss Contingency Nature [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GarysburgNorthCarolinaFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LossContingencyNatureDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r217
      r218
      r219
      r220
      r221
      r222
      r223
      r227
      r228
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: An existing condition, situation, or set of circumstances involving uncertainty as to possible loss to an enterprise that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. Resolution of the uncertainty may confirm the incurrence of a loss or impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability.
        label: Loss Contingency, Nature [Domain]
        terseLabel: Loss Contingency, Nature [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LossContingencyNatureDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GarysburgNorthCarolinaFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r7
      r209
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 30.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services, including, but is not limited to, tools, dies and molds, computer and office equipment.
        label: Machinery and Equipment, Gross
        terseLabel: Machinery and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property used to produce goods and services, including, but is not limited to, tools, dies and molds, computer and office equipment.
        label: Machinery and Equipment [Member]
        terseLabel: Machinery and equipment [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MajorCustomersPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r156
      r158
      r159
      r170
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for major customers. Major customers are those that the loss of such customers would have a material adverse effect on the entity.
        label: Major Customers, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Significant Customers and Concentration of Credit Risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MajorCustomersPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpenseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Marketing and Advertising Expense [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Marketing and Advertising Expense [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MarketingAndAdvertisingExpenseAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MortalityMorbidityAndSurrenderRateAssumption: {
     auth_ref: [
      r449
      r454
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Relevant mortality and surrender rate assumptions that are an integral part of the methodology used in calculating the reserve for future benefits to be paid to or on behalf of policyholders and related expenses less the present value of future net premiums using assumptions such as estimates of expected investment yields, mortality, morbidity, terminations and expenses, applicable at the time the insurance contracts are made and cost of settling insured claims and cost incurred in the claim settlement process.
        label: Mortality, Morbidity and Surrender Rate Assumption
        terseLabel: Mortality
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MortalityMorbidityAndSurrenderRateAssumption
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAssumptionsToCalculateBenefitObligationAndNetPeriodicCostsOfSerpDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r109
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 21.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities, including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash used in financing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r109
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 16.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities, including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash used in investing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r109
      r112
      r115
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by operating activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r76
      r79
      r86
      r115
      r145
      r436
      r450
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent.
        label: Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent
        terseLabel: Net income
        totalLabel: Net income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SupplementaryQuarterlyDataUnauditedUnauditedQuarterlyConsolidatedFinancialDataDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes, but is not limited to, quantification of the expected or actual impact.
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Recent Accounting Pronouncements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionDebtAssumed1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r119
      r120
      r121
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of debt that an Entity assumes in acquiring a business or in consideration for an asset received in a noncash (or part noncash) acquisition. Noncash is defined as transactions during a period that affect recognized assets or liabilities but that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. \Part noncash\ refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.
        label: Noncash or Part Noncash Acquisition, Debt Assumed
        verboseLabel: Acquisition of Squirrel Brand L.P. through note payable, see Note 7
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionDebtAssumed1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r368
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Agreement in which one party agrees not to pursue a similar trade in competition with another party.
        label: Noncompete Agreements [Member]
        terseLabel: Non-compete Agreement [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NoncompeteAgreementsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsComponentsOfIdentifiableIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
        label: Nonoperating Income (Expense)
        negatedTotalLabel: Total other expense, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Nonoperating Income (Expense) [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Other expense:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NotesPayable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19
      r432
      r443
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Including the current and noncurrent portions, aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable, as of the balance sheet date, with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Notes Payable
        verboseLabel: Outstanding balance of promissory note
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NotesPayable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise), (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues, for example, start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.
        label: Number of Operating Segments
        terseLabel: Number of reportable operating segment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfOperatingSegments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OpenTaxYear: {
     auth_ref: [
      r338
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax year that remains open to examination under enacted tax laws, in CCYY format.
        label: Open Tax Year
        terseLabel: Year of tax returns audit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OpenTaxYear
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: gYearListItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingExpenses: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling, general and administrative expense.
        label: Operating Expenses
        totalLabel: Total operating expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingExpenses
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Operating Expenses [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Operating expenses:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingExpensesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.
        label: Operating Income (Loss)
        terseLabel: Income from operations
        totalLabel: Income from operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SupplementaryQuarterlyDataUnauditedUnauditedQuarterlyConsolidatedFinancialDataDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r407
      r415
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLeasecostDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of single lease cost, calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes, but is not limited to, single lease cost, after impairment of right-of-use asset, calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.
        label: Operating Lease, Cost
        terseLabel: Operating lease costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLeasecostDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLeaseIncomeLeasePayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r150
      r417
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of operating lease income from lease payments paid and payable to lessor. Excludes variable lease payments not included in measurement of lease receivable.
        label: Operating Lease, Lease Income, Lease Payments
        terseLabel: Lease income related to lease payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLeaseIncomeLeasePayments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseRevenueDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r402
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability
        positiveLabel: Present value of operating lease liabilities
        totalLabel: Total lease liabilities
        verboseLabel: Operating lease, liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r402
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease, classified as current.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability, Current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r402
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 13.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease, classified as noncurrent.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Long-term operating lease liabilities, net of current portion
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasePayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r403
      r409
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow from operating lease, excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.
        label: Operating Lease, Payments
        terseLabel: Cash paid for amounts included in measurements for lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasePayments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeasesCashFlowRelatedInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r401
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 40.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under operating lease.
        label: Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset
        positiveLabel: Operating lease right-of-use assets
        verboseLabel: Operating lease right-of-use assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r412
      r415
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average discount rate for operating lease calculated at point in time.
        label: Operating Lease, Weighted Average Discount Rate, Percent
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Discount Rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOtherInformationRelatedToOperatingLeaseDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r411
      r415
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Operating Lease, Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (in years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOtherInformationRelatedToOperatingLeaseDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Operating Leased Assets [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeasesCashFlowRelatedInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r396
      r397
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable letter-terms in excess of one year.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r396
      r397
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due, Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: June 25, 2020
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r396
      r397
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesDetail: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Four Years
        terseLabel: June 27, 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r396
      r397
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Three Years
        terseLabel: June 29, 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r396
      r397
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Two Years
        terseLabel: June 30, 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter: {
     auth_ref: [
      r396
      r397
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesDetail: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due Thereafter
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityEquityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r234
      r381
      r382
      r383
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of options indexed to an issuer's equity.
        label: Option Indexed to Issuer's Equity [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityEquityAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r384
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Description of the type of freestanding contract issued by a Company that is indexed to, and potentially settled in, a Company's own stock. Specifically, the pertinent rights and privileges of the securities outstanding.
        label: Option Indexed to Issuer's Equity, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
      r377
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for organization, consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.
        label: Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Basis of Presentation and Consolidation and Description of Business
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r8
      r9
      r10
      r49
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other, due within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Other Accrued Liabilities, Current
        terseLabel: Other accrued expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r63
      r68
      r273
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 17.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after tax, of gain (loss) for (increase) decrease in value of benefit obligation for change in actuarial assumptions and increase (decrease) in value of plan assets from experience different from that assumed of defined benefit plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Defined Benefit Plan, Gain (Loss) Arising During Period, after Tax
        terseLabel: Net actuarial (loss) gain arising during the period
        verboseLabel: Pension liability adjustment, net of income tax expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r69
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit) for (increase) decrease in value of benefit obligation for change in actuarial assumptions and increase (decrease) in value of plan assets from experience different from that assumed of defined benefit plan, that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Defined Benefit Plan, Gain (Loss) Arising During Period, Tax
        negatedLabel: Pension liability adjustment income tax (benefit) expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location in other comprehensive income.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLocationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in other comprehensive income.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLocationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68
      r73
      r74
      r273
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax, of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for prior service cost (credit) of defined benefit plan.
        label: Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, Defined Benefit Plan, Prior Service Cost (Credit), Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI, before Tax
        negatedLabel: Unrecognized prior service cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), before Reclassifications, before Tax
        terseLabel: Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeReclassificationsBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r77
      r80
      r83
      r235
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 15.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax
        totalLabel: Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax [Abstract]
        verboseLabel: Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68
      r73
      r74
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 16.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax, of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for net period benefit cost (credit) of defined benefit plan.
        label: Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, Defined Benefit Plan, Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI, before Tax
        terseLabel: Amortization of prior service cost and actuarial loss included in net periodic pension cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68
      r73
      r74
      r273
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax, of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Defined Benefit Plan, Gain (Loss), Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI, before Tax
        terseLabel: Unrecognized net loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68
      r73
      r74
      r273
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after tax, of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for net periodic benefit cost (credit) of defined benefit plan.
        label: Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, Defined Benefit Plan, Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI, after Tax
        terseLabel: Pension liability amortization, net of income tax (expense)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r69
      r371
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax (expense) benefit for reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss of defined benefit plan.
        label: Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss, Defined Benefit Plan, Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI, Tax
        negatedTerseLabel: Pension liability amortization income tax expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquityParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r69
      r356
      r358
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit) allocated to other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Tax
        negatedLabel: Tax effect
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r378
      r380
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other liabilities.
        label: Other Liabilities [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherLiabilitiesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 12.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities classified as other, due after one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Other Liabilities, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 13.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities, classified as other.
        label: Other Nonoperating Income (Expense)
        negatedLabel: Other expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherOperatingActivitiesCashFlowStatement: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other cash or noncash adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by (used in) operating activities that are not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows (for example,  cash received or cash paid during the current period for miscellaneous operating activities, net change during the reporting period in other assets or other liabilities).
        label: Other Operating Activities, Cash Flow Statement
        verboseLabel: Other, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherOperatingActivitiesCashFlowStatement
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r99
      r131
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 18.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash (inflow) outflow from investing activities classified as other.
        label: Payments for (Proceeds from) Other Investing Activities
        negatedTerseLabel: Other, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r105
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 27.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination, which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
        label: Payments of Debt Issuance Costs
        negatedLabel: Debt issue costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 25.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash outflow in the form of capital distributions and dividends to common shareholders, preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.
        label: Payments of Dividends
        negatedLabel: Dividends paid
        terseLabel: Total Amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsOfDividends
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsSummaryOfCashDividendsDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 26.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow to satisfy grantee's tax withholding obligation for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Payments Related to Tax Withholding for Share-based Compensation
        negatedLabel: Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r97
      r370
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 20.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of business during the period. The cash portion only of the acquisition price.
        label: Payments to Acquire Businesses, Gross
        negatedLabel: Acquisition of Squirrel Brand L.P.
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 17.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
        label: Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment
        negatedLabel: Purchases of property, plant and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r290
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for pension and other postretirement benefits.
        label: Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlan
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
      r258
      r259
      r265
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 11.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liability, recognized in statement of financial position, for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, classified as noncurrent.
        label: Liability, Defined Benefit Plan, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Retirement plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based payment arrangement awarded for meeting performance target.
        label: Performance Shares [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PerformanceSharesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PlanNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r295
      r319
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by plan name for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Plan Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PlanNameAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansExpenseFor401KPlanDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan name for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Plan Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PlanNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansExpenseFor401KPlanDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PledgedAssetsNotSeparatelyReportedOnStatementOfFinancialPosition: {
     auth_ref: [
      r427
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The carrying amount, as of the date of the latest financial statement presented, of all assets that are pledged as collateral for the payment of the related debt obligation primarily arising from secured borrowings, repurchase agreements or other current or potential obligations, where the secured party does not have the right by contract or custom to sell or re-pledge the collateral and therefore are not reclassified and separately reported in the statement of financial position.
        label: Pledged Assets, Other, Not Separately Reported on Statement of Financial Position
        terseLabel: Carrying amount of assets pledged as collateral
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PledgedAssetsNotSeparatelyReportedOnStatementOfFinancialPosition
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PostemploymentBenefitsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Postemployment Benefits [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PostemploymentBenefitsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r4
      r38
      r39
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 24.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods, and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Prepaid Expense and Other Assets, Current
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses and other current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
      r118
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash received during the period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
        label: Proceeds from Income Tax Refunds
        terseLabel: Income taxes paid, refunds
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlowsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r108
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 19.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow for proceeds from settlement of insurance claim, classified as investing activities. Excludes insurance settlement classified as operating activities.
        label: Proceeds from Insurance Settlement, Investing Activities
        verboseLabel: Proceeds from insurance recoveries
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementInvestingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfBankOverdrafts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
      r104
      r117
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 24.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net cash inflow or outflow from the excess drawing from an existing cash balance, which will be honored by the bank but reflected as a loan to the drawer.
        label: Proceeds from (Repayments of) Bank Overdrafts
        verboseLabel: Increase (decrease) in bank overdraft
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfBankOverdrafts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 22.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from a borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Proceeds from Short-term Debt
        terseLabel: Net short-term borrowings (repayments)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromShortTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r100
      r320
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 28.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from exercise of option under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Proceeds from Stock Options Exercised
        terseLabel: Proceeds from the exercise of stock options
        verboseLabel: Total cash received from exercise of options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfTotalIntrinsicValueOfAllOptionsExercisedAndTotalCashReceivedFromExerciseOfOptionsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProfitLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r76
      r79
      r107
      r166
      r167
      r371
      r372
      r373
      r375
      r376
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 11.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The consolidated profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
        label: Net Income (Loss), Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
        terseLabel: Net income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProfitLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43
      r211
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-lived, physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42
      r209
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 27.0
       parentTag: jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipment
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross
        totalLabel: Property, plant and equipment gross
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r15
      r16
      r211
      r446
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 25.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
        totalLabel: TOTAL PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Net [Abstract]
        terseLabel: PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r41
      r123
      r211
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, basis of assets, depreciation and depletion methods used, including composite deprecation, estimated useful lives, capitalization policy, accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance, capitalized interest and the method it is calculated, disposals and impairments.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r15
      r209
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Listing of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of long lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Examples include, but not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life
        terseLabel: Property, plant and equipment estimated useful life
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r399
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by property that could be leased or is available for lease.
        label: Property Subject to or Available for Operating Lease [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r399
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A descriptive title of whether the property is subject to or available for operating lease.
        label: Property Subject to or Available for Operating Lease [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProspectiveAdoptionOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information related to prospectively adopted accounting guidance.
        label: Prospective Adoption of New Accounting Pronouncements [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProspectiveAdoptionOfNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r151
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes, but is not limited to, tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters, effect of year-end adjustments, and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Supplementary Quarterly Data (Unaudited)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SupplementaryQuarterlyDataUnaudited
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RealEstateInvestmentPropertyAccumulatedDepreciation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r448
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of depreciation for real estate property held for investment purposes.
        label: Real Estate Investment Property, Accumulated Depreciation
        terseLabel: Accumulated depreciation of rental investment property
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RealEstateInvestmentPropertyAccumulatedDepreciation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r123
      r174
      r177
      r178
      r179
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for receivable. Includes, but is not limited to, accounts receivable and financing receivable.
        label: Receivables, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Accounts Receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Reclassification Adjustment out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Reclassification Adjustment out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
      r75
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax of reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, Current Period, before Tax
        negatedLabel: Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss
        verboseLabel: Total before tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
      r75
      r83
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, Current Period, Net of Tax
        totalLabel: Amortization of defined pension items, net of tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTaxAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: AOCI Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest, Net of Tax [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTaxAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r69
      r74
      r356
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit) of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Reclassification from AOCI, Current Period, Tax
        negatedLabel: Tax effect
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by item reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Axis]
        terseLabel: Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Item reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Domain]
        terseLabel: Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Table]
        terseLabel: Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of information about items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Reclassifications Out of AOCL
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Related Party Transaction, Due from (to) Related Party [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Purchases during the period (excluding transactions that are eliminated in consolidated or combined financial statements) with related party.
        label: Related Party Transaction, Purchases from Related Party
        terseLabel: Purchases from related party
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/TransactionsWithRelatedPartiesSummaryOfTransactionsWithRelatedPartyDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Related Party Transactions [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Summary of Transactions with Related Party
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r423
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates.
        label: Related Party Transactions Disclosure [Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Transactions with Related Parties
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/TransactionsWithRelatedParties
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RentalIncomeNonoperating: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income earned by providing the use of assets to an outside party in exchange for a payment or series of payments that is nonoperating in nature.
        label: Rental Income, Nonoperating
        terseLabel: Gross rental income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RentalIncomeNonoperating
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 23.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for debt, mandatory redeemable security, and principal payment for finance lease obligation.
        label: Repayments of Long-term Debt, Long-term Capital Lease Obligations, and Capital Securities
        negatedLabel: Principal payments on long-term debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Research and Development [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Research and Development [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r327
      r462
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use, during the reporting period charged to research and development projects, including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility, and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
        label: Research and Development Expense
        terseLabel: Research and development expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesResearchAndDevelopmentExpensesForLastThreeFiscalYearsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r123
      r327
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
        label: Research and Development Expense, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Research and Development Expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock including a provision that prohibits sale or substantive sale of an equity instrument for a specified period of time or until specified performance conditions are met.
        label: Restricted Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestrictedStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share instrument which is convertible to stock or an equivalent amount of cash, after a specified period of time or when specified performance conditions are met.
        label: Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) [Member]
        verboseLabel: Restricted Stock Unit [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27
      r240
      r444
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 17.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit)
        terseLabel: Retained earnings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Retained Earnings [Member]
        terseLabel: Retained Earnings [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r281
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of plan designed to provide retirement benefits. Includes, but is not limited to, legal name of defined benefit and defined contribution plans.
        label: Retirement Plan Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetirementPlanNameAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r281
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of plan designed to provide retirement benefits. Includes, but is not limited to, legal name of defined benefit and defined contribution plans.
        label: Retirement Plan Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetirementPlanNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r255
      r256
      r280
      r281
      r289
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of retirement benefit plan. Includes, but is not limited to, retirement benefit arrangement for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, retirement benefit arrangement for defined contribution pension and other postretirement plans, and special and contractual termination benefits payable upon retirement.
        label: Retirement Plan Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetirementPlanTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAssumptionsToCalculateBenefitObligationAndNetPeriodicCostsOfSerpDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r255
      r256
      r280
      r281
      r289
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of plan designed to provide participants with retirement benefits. Includes, but is not limited to, retirement benefit arrangement for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, retirement benefit arrangement for defined contribution pension and other postretirement plans, and special and contractual termination benefits payable upon retirement.
        label: Retirement Plan Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetirementPlanTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAssumptionsToCalculateBenefitObligationAndNetPeriodicCostsOfSerpDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r246
      r247
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, excluding tax collected from customer, of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction, including, but not limited to, sales, use, value added and excise.
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer, Excluding Assessed Tax
        terseLabel: Net sales
        verboseLabel: Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionSummaryOfRevenueDisaggregatedBySalesChannelDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SupplementaryQuarterlyDataUnauditedUnauditedQuarterlyConsolidatedFinancialDataDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r253
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure of revenue from contract with customer to transfer good or service and to transfer nonfinancial asset. Includes, but is not limited to, disaggregation of revenue, credit loss recognized from contract with customer, judgment and change in judgment related to contract with customer, and asset recognized from cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contract with customer. Excludes insurance and lease contracts.
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Revenue Recognition
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognition
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r124
      r125
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue. Includes revenue from contract with customer and from other sources.
        label: Revenue Recognition, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Revenue Recognition
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Arrangement in which loan proceeds can continuously be obtained following repayments, but the total amount borrowed cannot exceed a specified maximum amount.
        label: Revolving Credit Facility [Member]
        terseLabel: Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r410
      r415
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability.
        label: Right-of-Use Asset Obtained in Exchange for Operating Lease Liability
        terseLabel: Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeasesCashFlowRelatedInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r252
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Contract with customer in which good or service is transferred directly to consumer.
        label: Sales Channel, Directly to Consumer [Member]
        terseLabel: Consumer [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SalesChannelDirectlyToConsumerMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionSummaryOfRevenueDisaggregatedBySalesChannelDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revenue from sale of product and rendering of service and other sources of income, when it serves as benchmark in concentration of risk calculation.
        label: Revenue Benchmark [Member]
        terseLabel: Sales Revenue, Net [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SalesRevenueNetMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Schedule of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented, by antidilutive securities.
        label: Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Anti-dilutive Awards Excluded from Computation of Diluted Earnings Per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r276
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of assumption used to determine benefit obligation and net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan. Includes, but is not limited to, discount rate, rate of compensation increase, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and interest crediting rate.
        label: Schedule of Assumptions Used [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Assumptions to Calculate Benefit Obligation and Net Periodic Costs of SERP
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfCarryingValuesAndEstimatedFairValuesOfDebtInstrumentsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to carrying amount and estimated fair value of short-term and long-term debt instruments or arrangements, including but not limited to, identification of terms, features, and collateral requirements.
        label: Schedule of Carrying Values and Estimated Fair Values of Debt Instruments [Table Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Carrying Value and Fair Value Estimate of Current and Long-Term Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfCarryingValuesAndEstimatedFairValuesOfDebtInstrumentsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r260
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the change in the benefit obligation of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans from the beginning to the end of the period, showing separately, if applicable, the effects of the following: service cost, interest cost, contributions by plan participants, actuarial gains and losses, foreign currency exchange rate changes, benefits paid, plan amendments, business combinations, divestitures, curtailments, settlements, and special and contractual termination benefits.
        label: Schedule of Changes in Projected Benefit Obligations [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Changes in Projected Benefit Obligation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r316
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of cost recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement by plan. Includes, but is not limited to, related tax benefit.
        label: Schedule of Compensation Cost for Share-based Payment Arrangements, Allocation of Share-based Compensation Costs by Plan [Table Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Summary of Compensation Cost and Income Tax Benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r352
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including, but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit), deferred tax expense (benefit), investment tax credits, government grants, the benefits of operating loss carryforwards, tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity, adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity, and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
        label: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Provision for Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
      r128
      r236
      r237
      r238
      r239
      r392
      r393
      r395
      r440
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity, if longer.
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Long-term Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r346
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
        label: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r334
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.
        label: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Reconciliations of Income Taxes at Statutory Federal Income Tax Rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r267
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of benefits expected to be paid by pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans in each of the next five fiscal years and in the aggregate for the five fiscal years thereafter.
        label: Schedule of Expected Benefit Payments [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Benefits Expected to be Paid in Next Ten Fiscal Years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r197
      r199
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAmortizationOfIntangibleAssetsDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsComponentsOfIdentifiableIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r197
      r199
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life, by either major class or business segment.
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Components of Identifiable Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r398
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of future minimum payments required in the aggregate and for each of the five succeeding fiscal years for operating leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year and the total minimum rentals to be received in the future under noncancelable subleases as of the balance sheet date.
        label: Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r193
      r195
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of goodwill by reportable segment and in total which includes a rollforward schedule.
        label: Schedule of Goodwill [Table Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Summary of Changes in Carrying Amount of Goodwill
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r11
      r35
      r36
      r37
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise, goods, commodities, or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing, servicing or production process.
        label: Schedule of Inventory, Current [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Components of Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/InventoriesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r230
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the combined aggregate amount of maturities and sinking fund requirements for all long-term borrowings for each of the five years following the date of the latest balance sheet date presented.
        label: Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt [Table Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Aggregate Maturities of Long-term Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net benefit costs for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans including service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, gain (loss), prior service cost or credit, transition asset or obligation, and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.
        label: Schedule of Net Benefit Costs [Table Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Schedule of Net Periodic Pension Cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostNotYetRecognizedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r275
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the amounts related to pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss that have not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost, such as the net gain (loss), net prior service cost or credit, and net transition asset or obligation.
        label: Schedule of Net Periodic Benefit Cost Not yet Recognized [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Components of AOCL
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostNotYetRecognizedTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfOperatingLeasedAssetsTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of long-lived, depreciable assets that are subject to a operating lease agreements and are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services. Examples may include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
        label: Schedule of Operating Leased Assets [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfOperatingLeasedAssetsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeaseAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeasesCashFlowRelatedInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r149
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes, but is not limited to, financial information for fiscal quarters, cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Unaudited Quarterly Consolidated Financial Data
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SupplementaryQuarterlyDataUnauditedTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        definitionGuidance: Summary of Transactions with Related Party
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include, but are not limited to, transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.
        label: Schedule of Related Party Transactions [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/TransactionsWithRelatedPartiesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGrantDateIntrinsicValueTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r313
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the total intrinsic value of options exercised (or share units converted), share-based liabilities paid, and the total fair value of shares vested during the year.
        label: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Grant Date Intrinsic Value [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Total Intrinsic Value of All Options Exercised and Total Cash Received from Exercise of Options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGrantDateIntrinsicValueTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r295
      r319
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r301
      r311
      r314
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes, but is not limited to, outstanding awards at beginning and end of year, grants, exercises, forfeitures, and weighted-average grant date fair value.
        label: Share-based Compensation, Stock Options, Activity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Stock Option Activity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year, and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted, vested, or forfeited during the year.
        label: Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units Activity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of RSU Activity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r343
      r353
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the change in unrecognized tax benefits.
        label: Schedule of Unrecognized Tax Benefits Roll Forward [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfWeightedAverageNumberOfSharesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r145
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the weighted average number of shares used in calculating basic net earnings per share (or unit) and diluted earnings per share (or unit).
        label: Schedule of Weighted Average Number of Shares [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Shares Outstanding Used in Computing Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfWeightedAverageNumberOfSharesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r199
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the amount of amortization expense expected to be recorded in succeeding fiscal years for finite-lived intangible assets.
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Future Amortization Expense [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Expected Amortization Expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r123
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for segment reporting.
        label: Segment Reporting, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Segment Reporting
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Expenses recognized in the period that are directly related to the selling and distribution of products or services.
        label: Selling Expense
        terseLabel: Selling expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 15.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncash expense for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation
        terseLabel: Stock-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r296
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Includes, but is not limited to, combination of market, performance or service condition.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Award Vesting Period
        terseLabel: Vesting period of restricted stock units
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r306
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that were forfeited during the reporting period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Forfeited in Period
        negatedLabel: Forfeited, Shares
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfRsuActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r310
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average fair value as of the grant date of equity-based award plans other than stock (unit) option plans that were not exercised or put into effect as a result of the occurrence of a terminating event.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Forfeitures, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Forfeited, Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfRsuActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r308
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period
        terseLabel: Granted, Shares
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfRsuActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r308
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Granted, Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfRsuActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r307
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Number
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding ending balance, Shares
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding beginning balance, Shares
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfRsuActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r307
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share or unit weighted-average fair value of nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        periodEndLabel: Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value, Ending Balance
        periodStartLabel: Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value, Beginning Balance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfRsuActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r309
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that vested during the reporting period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period
        negatedLabel: Vested, Shares
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfRsuActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r313
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements, to receive or retain shares or units, other instruments, or cash.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period, Fair Value
        terseLabel: Fair value of RSUs vested
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r309
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period, by satisfying service and performance requirements, to receive or retain shares or units, other instruments, or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Vested, Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfRsuActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r298
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares authorized for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Common stock authorized for grants of awards under equity incentive plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant: {
     auth_ref: [
      r319
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments), and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards, net of cancellations and forfeitures, if applicable.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Available for Grant
        terseLabel: Common Stock authorized for future grants of award
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r313
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated difference between fair value of underlying shares on dates of exercise and exercise price on options exercised (or share units converted) into shares.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Intrinsic Value
        terseLabel: Total intrinsic value of options exercised
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfTotalIntrinsicValueOfAllOptionsExercisedAndTotalCashReceivedFromExerciseOfOptionsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r304
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Net number of share options (or share units) granted during the period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Net of Forfeitures
        terseLabel: Options granted
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r319
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount by which the current fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of options outstanding.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Intrinsic Value
        terseLabel: Outstanding, Aggregate Intrinsic Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfStockOptionActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r303
      r319
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of options outstanding, including both vested and non-vested options.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Number
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding ending balance, Shares
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding beginning balance, Shares
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfStockOptionActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r302
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding Ending Balance, Weighted-Average Exercise Price
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding beginning Balance, Weighted-Average Exercise Price
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfStockOptionActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r292
      r299
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Award Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their stock options into shares.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Exercised, Weighted-Average Exercise Price
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfStockOptionActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r123
      r295
      r300
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes, but is not limited to, methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
        label: Share-based Compensation, Option and Incentive Plans Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Stock-Based Compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r297
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Expiration Period
        terseLabel: Expiration time period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2: {
     auth_ref: [
      r315
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        terseLabel: Outstanding, Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Term in Years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfStockOptionActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued which are neither cancelled nor held in the treasury.
        label: Shares, Outstanding
        periodEndLabel: Balance, Shares
        periodStartLabel: Balance, Shares
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average interest rate of short-term debt outstanding calculated at point in time.
        label: Short-term Debt, Weighted Average Interest Rate, at Point in Time
        verboseLabel: Weighted average interest rate for the Credit Facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
        label: Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Significant Accounting Policies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
      r23
      r24
      r235
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by the different classes of stock of the entity.
        label: Class of Stock [Axis]
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementClassOfStockAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsSummaryOfCashDividendsDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CoverPage
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansExpenseFor401KPlanDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTotalRoutePensionLiabilityDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesOperatingLeasesCashFlowRelatedInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMixScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanBenefitsExpectedToBePaidInNextTenFiscalYearsDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfActuarialLossPortionOfChangeInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfAoclDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockholdersEquityAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SubsequentEventAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r58
      r235
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by component of equity.
        label: Equity Components [Axis]
        terseLabel: Equity Components [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementEquityComponentsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossReclassificationsOutOfAoclDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Statement [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Statement [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsSummaryOfCashDividendsDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTotalRoutePensionLiabilityDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanBenefitsExpectedToBePaidInNextTenFiscalYearsDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfActuarialLossPortionOfChangeInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfAoclDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income, Statement of Cash Flows, Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income, or other statement as needed.
        label: Statement [Table]
        terseLabel: Statement [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsSummaryOfCashDividendsDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansExpenseFor401KPlanDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansTotalRoutePensionLiabilityDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ProductTypeSalesMixScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAssumptionsToCalculateBenefitObligationAndNetPeriodicCostsOfSerpDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanBenefitsExpectedToBePaidInNextTenFiscalYearsDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfActuarialLossPortionOfChangeInProjectedBenefitObligationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanComponentsOfAoclDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockholdersEquityAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SubsequentEventAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAndReservesActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatutoryAccountingPracticesStatutoryAmountAvailableForDividendPaymentsWithoutRegulatoryApproval: {
     auth_ref: [
      r127
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of dividends that can be declared or paid without approval of regulatory agency.
        label: Statutory Accounting Practices, Statutory Amount Available for Dividend Payments without Regulatory Approval
        verboseLabel: Aggregate amount of dividends and distributions permitted
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatutoryAccountingPracticesStatutoryAmountAvailableForDividendPaymentsWithoutRegulatoryApproval
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevolvingCreditFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
      r24
      r235
      r240
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number, after forfeiture, of shares or units issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes shares or units issued under employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Share-based Compensation, Net of Forfeitures
        terseLabel: Equity award exercises, net of shares withheld for employee taxes, shares
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
      r24
      r235
      r240
      r305
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period
        negatedLabel: Exercised, Shares
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockBasedCompensationPlansSummaryOfStockOptionActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
      r24
      r240
      r294
      r312
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value, after forfeiture, of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
        label: Stock Issued During Period, Value, Share-based Compensation, Net of Forfeitures
        terseLabel: Equity award exercises, net of shares withheld for employee taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24
      r28
      r29
      r176
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 14.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
        periodEndLabel: Balance
        periodStartLabel: Balance
        totalLabel: TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent [Abstract]
        terseLabel: STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r243
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest, including other comprehensive income. Includes, but is not limited to, balances of common stock, preferred stock, additional paid-in capital, other capital and retained earnings, accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
        label: Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Stockholders' Equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/StockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure, which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.
        label: Subsequent Event [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SubsequentEventAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifies event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SubsequentEventAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r424
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SubsequentEventAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r424
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/CashDividendsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SubsequentEventAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Subsequent Events [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r426
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue, purchase of a business, settlement of litigation, catastrophic loss, significant foreign exchange rate changes, loans to insiders or affiliates, and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
        label: Subsequent Events [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SubsequentEvent
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SupplementalEmployeeRetirementPlanDefinedBenefitMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan designed to provide limited group of employees with supplemental retirement benefits, in addition to other pension benefits. Includes, but is not limited to, defined benefit and defined contribution plans.
        label: Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan [Member]
        terseLabel: SERP [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SupplementalEmployeeRetirementPlanDefinedBenefitMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RetirementPlanAssumptionsToCalculateBenefitObligationAndNetPeriodicCostsOfSerpDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ReclassificationFromAociToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect: {
     auth_ref: [
      r70
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) for reclassification to retained earnings of tax effect from remeasurement of deferred tax pursuant to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Reclassification from AOCI to Retained Earnings, Tax Effect
        verboseLabel: Impact of adopting ASU 2018-02
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017ReclassificationFromAociToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossChangesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TechnologyEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equipment used in the creation, maintenance and utilization of information systems which include computers and peripherals.
        label: Technology Equipment [Member]
        terseLabel: Computers and software [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TechnologyEquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Text Block [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TextBlockAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TimingOfTransferOfGoodOrServiceAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r251
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by timing of transfer of good or service to customer.
        label: Timing of Transfer of Good or Service [Axis]
        terseLabel: Timing of Transfer of Good or Service [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TimingOfTransferOfGoodOrServiceAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TimingOfTransferOfGoodOrServiceDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Timing of transfer of good or service to customer. Includes, but is not limited to, at point in time or over time.
        label: Timing of Transfer of Good or Service [Domain]
        terseLabel: Timing of Transfer of Good or Service [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TimingOfTransferOfGoodOrServiceDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/RevenueRecognitionAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TradeNamesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r367
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Rights acquired through registration of a business name to gain or protect exclusive use thereof.
        label: Trade Names [Member]
        terseLabel: Brand Names [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TradeNamesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsComponentsOfIdentifiableIntangibleAssetsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r57
      r241
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Shares of an entity that have been repurchased by the entity. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends. Note that treasury stock may be recorded at its total cost or separately as par (or stated) value and additional paid in capital. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.
        label: Treasury Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Treasury Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares: {
     auth_ref: [
      r57
      r241
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of common and preferred shares that were previously issued and that were repurchased by the issuing entity and held in treasury on the financial statement date. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends.
        label: Treasury Stock, Shares
        terseLabel: Treasury stock, shares
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockShares
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r57
      r241
      r242
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets: {
       order: 19.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued, repurchased by the entity, and are held in its treasury.
        label: Treasury Stock, Value
        negatedLabel: Treasury stock, at cost; 117,900 shares of Common Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedBalanceSheets
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TypeOfAdoptionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Adoption and early adoption of sources of change to generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States. The FASB released the FASB Accounting Standards Codification as the authoritative source of literature effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. As part of the Codification process, the FASB issues Accounting Standards Updates to amend the Codification but otherwise the Accounting Standards Updates are not authoritative in their own right. All previous accounting standards (such as FASB Statements of Financial Accounting Standards, FASB Interpretations, FASB Staff Positions, Emerging Issues Task Force Consensuses, other pronouncements of the FASB or other designated bodies, or other forms of GAAP are considered accounting pronouncements) were superseded upon the adoption of the Codification. For an interim period, references to the superseded standards are included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
        label: Type of Adoption [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TypeOfAdoptionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The remaining balance of debt issuance expenses that were capitalized and are being amortized against income over the lives of the respective bond issues. This does not include the amounts capitalized as part of the cost of the utility plant or asset.
        label: Unamortized Debt Issuance Expense
        negatedLabel: Unamortized debt issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LongTermDebtLongTermDebtDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r331
      r339
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrecognized tax benefits.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance
        terseLabel: Total gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefits
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r340
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Decrease Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions
        negatedLabel: Gross decreases \u2014 tax positions in prior year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r336
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount accrued for interest on an underpayment of income taxes and penalties related to a tax position claimed or expected to be claimed in the tax return.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Income Tax Penalties and Interest Accrued
        terseLabel: Unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest and penalties long-term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r341
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions that have been or will be taken in current period tax return.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Increase Resulting from Current Period Tax Positions
        terseLabel: Gross increases \u2014 tax positions in current year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r340
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Increase Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions
        terseLabel: Gross increases \u2014 tax positions in prior year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesScheduleOfReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r342
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits that Would Impact Effective Tax Rate
        terseLabel: Unrecognized tax benefits that would affect annual effective tax rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/IncomeTaxesUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemInsuranceProceeds: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of insurance proceeds for an event or transaction that is unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence, or both.
        label: Unusual or Infrequent Item, or Both, Insurance Proceeds
        verboseLabel: Advance payment of insurance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnusualOrInfrequentItemInsuranceProceeds
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/GarysburgNorthCarolinaFacilityAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UseOfEstimates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r152
      r153
      r154
      r155
      r160
      r161
      r162
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
        label: Use of Estimates, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Management Estimates
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UseOfEstimates
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r133
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Valuation allowance of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary difference and carryforward.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowance, Deferred Tax Asset [Member]
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAndReservesActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r134
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Amount
        periodEndLabel: Balance at End of Period
        periodStartLabel: Balance at Beginning of Period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAndReservesActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r134
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves from charge to cost and expense.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Additions, Charge to Cost and Expense
        terseLabel: Additions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAndReservesActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r134
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Deduction
        negatedLabel: Deductions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAndReservesActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAndReservesActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r134
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAndReservesActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VariableLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r408
      r415
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLeasecostDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of variable lease cost, excluded from lease liability, recognized when obligation for payment is incurred for finance and operating leases.
        label: Variable Lease, Cost
        terseLabel: Variable lease costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VariableLeaseCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/LeasesLeasecostDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VehiclesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equipment used primarily for road transportation.
        label: Vehicles [Member]
        terseLabel: Vehicles [Member]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VehiclesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r143
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesWeightedAverageSharesOutstandingUsedInComputingBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The sum of dilutive potential common shares or units used in the calculation of the diluted per-share or per-unit computation.
        label: Weighted Average Number Diluted Shares Outstanding Adjustment
        terseLabel: Stock options and restricted stock units
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesWeightedAverageSharesOutstandingUsedInComputingBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139
      r143
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesWeightedAverageSharesOutstandingUsedInComputingBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted
        terseLabel: Weighted average shares outstanding \u2014 diluted
        totalLabel: Weighted average number of shares outstanding - diluted
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesWeightedAverageSharesOutstandingUsedInComputingBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
      r143
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesWeightedAverageSharesOutstandingUsedInComputingBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic
        terseLabel: Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic
        verboseLabel: Weighted average shares outstanding \u2014 basic
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveIncome
      http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesWeightedAverageSharesOutstandingUsedInComputingBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShareDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding Reconciliation [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding Reconciliation [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
   }
   unitCount: 8
  }
 }
 std_ref: {
  r0: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122149
  }
  r1: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r10: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e7018-107765
  }
  r100: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3255-108585
  }
  r101: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3255-108585
  }
  r102: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r103: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a),(b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r104: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r105: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r106: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3367-108585
  }
  r107: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3000-108585
  }
  r108: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=SL94080549-108585
  }
  r109: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 24
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3521-108585
  }
  r11: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766
  }
  r110: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r111: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r112: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r113: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r114: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r115: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r116: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3044-108585
  }
  r117: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3098-108585
  }
  r118: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4297-108586
  }
  r119: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4304-108586
  }
  r12: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 201.5-02(24))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r120: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4313-108586
  }
  r121: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4332-108586
  }
  r122: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=SL98516268-108586
  }
  r123: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18780-107790
  }
  r124: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  }
  r125: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  }
  r126: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r127: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(e))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r128: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(e),(f))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r129: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(h)(2))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r13: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 201.5-02(25))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r130: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r131: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-04(a))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24072-122690
  }
  r132: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-04.(a))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24072-122690
  }
  r133: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(ColumnA))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24092-122690
  }
  r134: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09)
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24092-122690
  }
  r135: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122369
  }
  r136: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r137: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22694-107794
  }
  r138: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1448-109256
  }
  r139: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1505-109256
  }
  r14: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 201.5-02(26))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r140: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1252-109256
  }
  r141: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 60B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=SL5780133-109256
  }
  r142: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1337-109256
  }
  r143: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r144: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r145: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r146: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3630-109257
  }
  r147: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 52
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117327953&loc=d3e4984-109258
  }
  r148: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846552&loc=d3e543-108305
  }
  r149: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952077&loc=d3e1280-108306
  }
  r15: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(13))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r150: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952077&loc=SL77927221-108306
  }
  r151: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126967
  }
  r152: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r153: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r154: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6161-108592
  }
  r155: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6191-108592
  }
  r156: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6327-108592
  }
  r157: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r158: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r159: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6404-108592
  }
  r16: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(14))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r160: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6061-108592
  }
  r161: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6132-108592
  }
  r162: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6143-108592
  }
  r163: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r164: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r165: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r166: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r167: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r168: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 40
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9031-108599
  }
  r169: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 41
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9038-108599
  }
  r17: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(19))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r170: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 42
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9054-108599
  }
  r171: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4647-111522
  }
  r172: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4428-111522
  }
  r173: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4531-111522
  }
  r174: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5033-111524
  }
  r175: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5074-111524
  }
  r176: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 4.E)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707
  }
  r177: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10133-111534
  }
  r178: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10149-111534
  }
  r179: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10178-111534
  }
  r18: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(20))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r180: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955202&loc=SL82895884-210446
  }
  r181: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846819&loc=d3e3927-108312
  }
  r182: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4492-108314
  }
  r183: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4556-108314
  }
  r184: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.BB)
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011343&loc=d3e100047-122729
  }
  r185: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126998
  }
  r186: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380562&loc=d3e13770-109266
  }
  r187: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380562&loc=d3e13777-109266
  }
  r188: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77989000&loc=SL49117168-202975
  }
  r189: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r19: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(22))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r190: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r191: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r192: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (h)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r193: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r194: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13854-109267
  }
  r195: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108376223&loc=d3e13854-109267
  }
  r196: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16225-109274
  }
  r197: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  }
  r198: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  }
  r199: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r2: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r20: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(23))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r200: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r201: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r202: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r203: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r204: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144416
  }
  r205: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226317&loc=d3e202-110218
  }
  r206: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2420-110228
  }
  r207: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2443-110228
  }
  r208: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r209: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r21: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(24))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r210: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r211: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r212: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2921-110230
  }
  r213: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r214: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r215: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.CC)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011434&loc=d3e125687-122742
  }
  r216: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144648
  }
  r217: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14326-108349
  }
  r218: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14615-108349
  }
  r219: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14394-108349
  }
  r22: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(27))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r220: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14435-108349
  }
  r221: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14453-108349
  }
  r222: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14472-108349
  }
  r223: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14557-108349
  }
  r224: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116646759&loc=d3e15013-108350
  }
  r225: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116646759&loc=d3e15022-108350
  }
  r226: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127136
  }
  r227: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 460
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118943654&loc=d3e12021-110248
  }
  r228: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 460
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118943654&loc=d3e12053-110248
  }
  r229: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99376301&loc=d3e1243-112600
  }
  r23: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(28))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r230: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601
  }
  r231: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=SL6230698-112601
  }
  r232: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(3)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6031897-161870
  }
  r233: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208564
  }
  r234: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 63
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 480
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117411753&loc=d3e23176-110880
  }
  r235: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21463-112644
  }
  r236: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21475-112644
  }
  r237: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21506-112644
  }
  r238: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21521-112644
  }
  r239: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21538-112644
  }
  r24: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(29))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r240: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-04)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770
  }
  r241: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405813&loc=d3e23239-112655
  }
  r242: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23315-112656
  }
  r243: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208762
  }
  r244: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944033&loc=SL49130531-203044
  }
  r245: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944033&loc=SL49130533-203044
  }
  r246: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130543-203045
  }
  r247: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130545-203045
  }
  r248: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130549-203045
  }
  r249: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r25: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r250: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r251: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r252: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r253: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=49130388
  }
  r254: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 710
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127225
  }
  r255: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 15
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 712
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410066&loc=d3e79218-111664
  }
  r256: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 15
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 712
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410066&loc=d3e79218-111664
  }
  r257: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 712
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2197446
  }
  r258: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109237824&loc=d3e1703-114919
  }
  r259: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109237824&loc=d3e1731-114919
  }
  r26: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r260: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r261: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r262: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r263: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(4)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r264: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(6)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r265: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r266: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r267: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r268: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (h)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r269: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r27: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r270: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (h)(2)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r271: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (h)(4)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r272: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (h)(5)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r273: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (i)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r274: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (i),(j)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r275: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (j)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r276: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (k)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r277: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (k)(1)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r278: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (k)(2)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r279: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (s)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r28: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r280: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r281: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2410-114920
  }
  r282: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  }
  r283: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  }
  r284: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  }
  r285: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(4)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  }
  r286: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(5)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  }
  r287: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118257860&loc=d3e4179-114921
  }
  r288: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 60
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414203&loc=d3e39716-114964
  }
  r289: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 70
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=49170846&loc=d3e28014-114942
  }
  r29: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(31))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r290: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2235017
  }
  r291: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116855982&loc=d3e4534-113899
  }
  r292: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r293: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r294: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r295: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r296: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r297: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r298: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r299: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a),(g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r3: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r30: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(32))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r300: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b),(f)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r301: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r302: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r303: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r304: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r305: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r306: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r307: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r308: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r309: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r31: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(4)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r310: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r311: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r312: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r313: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r314: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r315: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r316: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r317: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r318: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r319: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r32: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r320: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=SL79508275-113901
  }
  r321: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.F)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  }
  r322: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118258462&loc=d3e11149-113907
  }
  r323: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118258462&loc=d3e11178-113907
  }
  r324: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2228938
  }
  r325: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 35
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  }
  r326: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 35
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  }
  r327: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 730
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373
  }
  r328: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 15
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(1)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877542&loc=d3e27249-109313
  }
  r329: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  }
  r33: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r330: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  }
  r331: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=SL37586934-109318
  }
  r332: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32247-109318
  }
  r333: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32280-109318
  }
  r334: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32687-109319
  }
  r335: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32698-109319
  }
  r336: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  }
  r337: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(2)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  }
  r338: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  }
  r339: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r34: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)(4))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r340: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r341: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r342: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r343: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r344: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32809-109319
  }
  r345: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32840-109319
  }
  r346: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r347: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32847-109319
  }
  r348: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32621-109319
  }
  r349: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32632-109319
  }
  r35: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r350: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r351: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r352: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r353: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 217
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117331294&loc=d3e36027-109320
  }
  r354: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r355: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.7)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r356: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109238882&loc=d3e39076-109324
  }
  r357: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109238882&loc=d3e38679-109324
  }
  r358: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109238882&loc=d3e38679-109324
  }
  r359: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65884525&loc=d3e40913-109327
  }
  r36: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r360: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144680
  }
  r361: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)-(d)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6909625&loc=d3e227-128457
  }
  r362: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116868678&loc=d3e845-128460
  }
  r363: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116868678&loc=d3e848-128460
  }
  r364: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  }
  r365: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  }
  r366: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1486-128463
  }
  r367: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5263-128473
  }
  r368: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5263-128473
  }
  r369: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77890550&loc=d3e5333-128473
  }
  r37: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(c))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r370: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35744584&loc=d3e6927-128479
  }
  r371: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108774443&loc=SL4569616-111683
  }
  r372: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r373: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r374: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c),(3)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r375: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4J
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116874947&loc=SL4591551-111686
  }
  r376: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4K
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116874947&loc=SL4591552-111686
  }
  r377: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2197479
  }
  r378: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5618551-113959
  }
  r379: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624163-113959
  }
  r38: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(7))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r380: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 182
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116861445&loc=SL5629052-113961
  }
  r381: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6445032&loc=d3e90193-114008
  }
  r382: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6445032&loc=d3e90198-114008
  }
  r383: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6445032&loc=d3e90205-114008
  }
  r384: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116862287&loc=d3e90476-114009
  }
  r385: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (bbb)(2)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r386: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13531-108611
  }
  r387: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13537-108611
  }
  r388: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13537-108611
  }
  r389: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 230
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513438&loc=d3e33268-110906
  }
  r39: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(8))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r390: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391
  }
  r391: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391
  }
  r392: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28541-108399
  }
  r393: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28551-108399
  }
  r394: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28555-108399
  }
  r395: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775985&loc=d3e28878-108400
  }
  r396: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 40
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (Note 3)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82846649&loc=d3e38371-112697
  }
  r397: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77902758&loc=d3e41502-112717
  }
  r398: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77902758&loc=d3e41502-112717
  }
  r399: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84164653&loc=d3e41551-112718
  }
  r4: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r40: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.1)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r400: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119364159&loc=SL77916155-209984
  }
  r401: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r402: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r403: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918643-209977
  }
  r404: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918666-209980
  }
  r405: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918673-209980
  }
  r406: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)(3)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918673-209980
  }
  r407: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r408: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r409: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(1)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r41: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r410: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r411: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(3)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r412: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(4)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r413: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r414: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918701-209980
  }
  r415: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 53
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888399&loc=SL77918982-209971
  }
  r416: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119202524&loc=SL77919396-209981
  }
  r417: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119202524&loc=SL77919372-209981
  }
  r418: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  }
  r419: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  }
  r42: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r420: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39599-107864
  }
  r421: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864
  }
  r422: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39622-107864
  }
  r423: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122745
  }
  r424: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314017-165662
  }
  r425: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314020-165662
  }
  r426: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122774
  }
  r427: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)(i)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109249958&loc=SL6224234-111729
  }
  r428: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 340
   Topic: 928
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6473545&loc=d3e61844-108004
  }
  r429: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 940
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68072869&loc=d3e41242-110953
  }
  r43: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.14)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r430: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(11))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r431: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(13))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r432: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(16))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r433: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(23))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r434: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.17)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r435: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(15))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r436: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(22))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r437: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(23))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r438: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04.9)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r439: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 470
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75038535&loc=d3e64711-112823
  }
  r44: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.17)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r440: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 470
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75038535&loc=d3e64711-112823
  }
  r441: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r442: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(12))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r443: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r444: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r445: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(25))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r446: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(8))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r447: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.(a),19)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r448: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.1(3))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r449: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.13(b))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r45: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r450: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(18))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r451: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(19))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r452: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(8))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r453: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116884468&loc=SL65671331-158438
  }
  r454: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419472&loc=d3e14931-158439
  }
  r455: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419784&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r456: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419784&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r457: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 825
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380617&loc=SL75241803-196195
  }
  r458: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 310
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-29(Footnote 4))
   Topic: 948
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6589523&loc=d3e617274-123014
  }
  r459: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 740
   Topic: 954
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650
  }
  r46: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r460: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 958
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114873921&loc=SL114875236-224282
  }
  r461: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Footnote 2))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6590653&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r462: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 985
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756
  }
  r463: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b
  }
  r464: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: d1-1
  }
  r465: {
   Name: Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 13
   Subsection: a-1-
  }
  r466: {
   Name: Forms 10-K, 20-F, 40-F
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 15
   Subsection: d-1
  }
  r467: {
   Name: Regulation 12B
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b-2
  }
  r468: {
   Name: Regulation S-T
   Number: 232
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 405
  }
  r469: {
   Footnote: 2
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX)
   Number: 210
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: 28
  }
  r47: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r470: {
   Footnote: 4
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX)
   Number: 210
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: 29
  }
  r471: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX)
   Number: 210
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: 09
  }
  r48: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19-26)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r49: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.20)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r5: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6801-107765
  }
  r50: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.21)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r51: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r52: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(2))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r53: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r54: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.23)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r55: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.24)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r56: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.25)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r57: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29,30)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r58: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r59: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r6: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6812-107765
  }
  r60: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r61: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.8)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r62: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.9)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r63: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r64: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i),(j),(k)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r65: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i-k)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r66: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (j)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r67: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r68: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e637-108580
  }
  r69: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e640-108580
  }
  r7: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6812-107765
  }
  r70: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL116659650-108580
  }
  r71: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e681-108580
  }
  r72: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669686-108580
  }
  r73: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e689-108580
  }
  r74: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL34724391-108580
  }
  r75: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL34724394-108580
  }
  r76: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r77: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r78: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r79: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669625-108580
  }
  r8: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6911-107765
  }
  r80: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669625-108580
  }
  r81: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=d3e557-108580
  }
  r82: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116657188&loc=SL116659661-227067
  }
  r83: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951672&loc=d3e1436-108581
  }
  r84: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (210.5-03(11))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r85: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(10))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r86: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(20))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r87: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(21))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r88: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(4))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r89: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.1,2)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r9: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6935-107765
  }
  r90: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.2(a),(d))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r91: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.4)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r92: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.7)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r93: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.9)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r94: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114868883&loc=SL114871943-224233
  }
  r95: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2134417
  }
  r96: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3179-108585
  }
  r97: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3213-108585
  }
  r98: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3213-108585
  }
  r99: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3213-108585
  }
 }
 version: 2.1
}








begin 644 0001193125-20-224715-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( V$U%)[^\6^F( &=(  /    9#DS
# Q-60Q
&LN:'1M



M_(7=RJ7YY-TSO7P]ZP6[ZAR#:&0DS

MTRL6$GXUPT[SV1' EW5


&$YR=Q+F
@0BXO\]=XXP?/'XDTD_G/W\X.4 [B


M?


MD^SGAW#RIP6^^D1





M9&IOJFLL \W

PY8U/



MZ$&89OG9*)52/7X^5Q_!!.I




]H@7QGY4
M!#+S
MR

MDDZ]7%SRC4F$L  OQ1 8'T79)LW #'GN!-[



M#FBF.$:
)V2__!


M6ZU9WU:.XK5[&UOO[D=&[&EN.$LZ6RM/HSV'-ZZA46?KOFB$=-$T:F\SC59(
]6]#R^B<ZR6]Z7=Y9'


93

^(&UP[WL;975[=?:8U0;;M
/:]ZO[KI@5Y.B^%;OF3K/MMW_V[]7
M9M95G:6]./^7KKV;C-CYWFEK&6'^7E4:M7=@ZHO*/?:^Z'1KD.CU=D]U?-X




I$P.=K!NN_O'*Z?(X9EYBZ6I'

M%WIQ9L_9LK3J)GKTURT?04N(Y0K3#(;A9/
7;P#A-/(+^&Y



F!;]ROG.7_-&4Z\RVKU4\WFJ7'2#






MUM+YX'YJCE7XH $WK





MRA/A_Q!#$+







2O@2$&DJPE-P'IV'VX^

M)WQG+/O






KF^@F3^#7.)




N(

M$RC9
M=09ETY!7'$

M[!HS2BU5UHE)FAR=1\W1635N6+#NT)'
3^!E.IZZGV0YHX[7C&_NAUSKQ&%-



:N




M
4VG-Q*I;%CS45G3C*I^6=:)
X^26&/DN/Q7DEYG2#T+E_2U-LM\PBR1(1_/

M*H/Y4:8O23S
93K&:
J36

/ME


LJS;[VYTMN_/


2@0WG3R7W<GS@79HX]%:.8_64M9[C_$D
M32CAP4



MY:FN7!
@?/@ X3(%;A

MP9CF(7\)L^3-5F?G/?RJGZ)_
H_%Y]0_
Z.:HC6/53.GGV_QW E
M
MG@DS_ X$^TYU4)V'4VE

7IECY
M(:\KD[B6##WFQAKJJNHP]/



X





V==RU-S
M']-/HF!V






MA&I4G


M[8U_DRIE'U@F?[.;GN]NNLG.:3_LSKG3
&]*K9=?1?K#.X[EJ[J#Y'__KW_F













#-3#.:<A-DL]RPTJI

MA\S+920G(SBU5%RRY0%=H@(]G)X BQSX%

* ]ZA/1@_Z5A'L)S

+VF^I

2VN
MB0




MU&S#.
GAF[^*$
\GD+Z4YYQ2U9_LBO-J&Q'/Y:^H5(QSA




M

M
*#G\(?8)D\5P

M8C-%6F(T(.+:;^^?^V$]-YPW*6*9]V5CV
8P^%0+0^6,2S+M(5'$(P2Y^2
M8N@-T^0B'^F?-^%$DC1ELH.H9!:A7]6Y

MOA(
M?N7+49Z=;;Z&UN*NNK




MUTQNU72;S\IERH-DO^GJ'-)Z=+_2N/9Y1(_8[.?.6M&2J=E@:Y_1'2N-K7T.








P

<+1=WV



H[/(.N9R7#YS+.6^NVXO

\OQ[)K*


@+*@CE?(<.EL?

VTQ_D4^RT9Q=045L3H'II
MM





M
K=HF; 7)C(

A!W8?%$S'\ZXML

MV6U[;V6G^7EA#N+ KPDAA# WL$N.4W\DTL#['?.(IMZ_1'HNL[SE];!R2BHC




M]F&



!2R/.





MG^(%L$/F-

.55K(


ZM@\
/DH


FS


(0L[E<,JN')_P&;Z8X&!!;9E@((TP!,HC,W;D
MN/!VIRMBBY&J2RR(HS@P/&&O%' CM-Q /@3\QB'C K!XTBQ+=GT?+!I$(E$



Y8!$+I+T

/6+



1^UL$FE
1P<J.GE!(RA 7$PWO4



W!;+O0*8FOJRYCB).

6!D4ZT:O#L/?RH(DW
O$LJ

8$?+D.
2X.1N_/FIY:WL_L3/6=G[R=D

]&9=XG[ ]O5O0

D#DD$
M)K3JZBD!B)-
NR5 H-KS@=X^2N!)@C^SQX[
U'F]_K#4H._:3:PZ$8P\9_

RFX=+MJF@3]F2#96\NR7?DX@IX3'1(IGZ!%/6.%(4N[





48D*/SW3&H.





M?K( #3N=A4BA#Q7-7Y5GDI
0Q'LIU1^%OH55\


Q9W@'OVHB*
M
V*UGR8_M/37#FWW]Q(NF[Q=K..E);

%RK






M?@AB 8O&^*81:Q456

7A!K=RU*G
@(U]XPW4







$D0C.1+[




0
]FEQ
I*2XB2]2[ ')XNEMJBY%@_4


MP7 8

M*;)/TE?*G)JS)DB4J&

LE4\;

A#[ZWM!@SR9

MO#9=H '

MNMVKGALZKVSWYF


S'V5F(')]R

M)Z^D3S@&-Q
 = 9#.2^2?K
M M'*B<+6H&T?H6.MX(C]1)+.<B=31X?K*$%(@0LFZA2 Z9J*544J+ -@S7PU
M*2<\@W&TP








M+T/54M:$0B]08K@2A
!_8)J%@;'==;\TD@R&:6G=






MO=9%5!9RB\&L3K$^*S#7=5RS[FIQCZ_.?M@^^S%B4

J7E

MTR9Z2YD^K(8: :\*3^I6)N@;SFYZH]1$88Z3YD587N*#)4/
DUWG);O&8&
M&9MRO?5P3.J54'Z_R0!=1?C470DE^-Q/TX*(=#KF**;GA

MRB9H#EG2


!
M:!94GRT2K\M2U_NL9&Y,\8-:;FA1I=W0+TB*4A2PTNS9]^S=?
)E_ILRC#Y




4RF5^S





MI_FKTRTK48ZK[9ANH3YK+CZ5'E'35/=CU8XXDW\59'J0DFX\D=C75/+[71_B







:G [B2ADK4LD^@['?4

MPA5ZY#/CIO'2KN'F';QUQI@FGAHJ\?E

M@?'D&2:TSRDZRD

MDNF#:_*73?VXA5*32;/@Z=G:H^9




MJ HSA'RXD$IIL5O$4(SRC.G;.!6P/8KH11.\66TG/G41391.&SJ/@O0YL2

M.T.U=Y\6[VM9S':-F.WRZJ&BK*O




MK&BMDVO78(V13$]RJ]F#B&T4AH.@= QD%J9&09TDH(IG%7^A*U.-D:A+*VK%
M%83MC-
8

T!!81!_4#Y=30**2ER'XMHTB&]$SJ9A9!8Q#<O.4A


M=H$V%/8=)R;B-Q8Q

9.L(K(UC7CUQ$RUNE?KK'98J:^-7-S@M!..RJ<!DU:
M10:TX8H1W2L-J1=S79$J__ ?C'%;DD;0YG3OX-4RKDR6[=J, B/:T
21-R

V$-#6^J87X-4M)]3X

3N(IQ:

#%[?+ -M)0YLU7-

J'5ES&J9/


^1@
M



I_

M

X_*N0
MM/









M;F#N7922A_6*R%GO2B;+]Z


1LZ+^3%+7!KEI+^1J
M26Q=;MMY2SD0XMY

1!E5\FBHYH*\.


ZX1B)1F[PR=?O/+0U2T!B-P[N



MG8W


M0MHN0HDKD.OS0 E;6T



M%UB7OUMVCD_B1*M0G/JC:A2Z9^+7.1A$+&3#5*.#O*:
B\:Y*.J]9B*;_

UKBQ.0J='AZRMK

6]W;O
M)UI)^
!@KOH*/BW[H;.G@OSZ\V[+Z7*-11/.R+Y6'6)*76



FNGEA]



M+6&G+T9:T@S#DF;H

M7(T2W=A=TV*@OBH.D263$6:!^J;18M(G)RO]ZD1FR%/4JG\ZNPG1;8175CQ'
MY#IC#BAG1KM^#0K(:K\ EE[AH@LLFSB09LKHZ/)P3I6=7*$U*^-B(8V1 O2U


E$


M(0V=


.CM1RF%
9II;-2=4B72W%
E&,PRWIE,)D(HL\#/876@O?G(*;5[U3O,^F[S




H'+<T7&3Y%=-P9Q:-YF'GD@9$W'=1C_6:139\@B*+B<


MEOC(O/CZ6B)2)H 83PB!CUQ-5YI+XQD_)2'@

M
2



5TO#CL+2H@VS=QT6+VN5D\%Q=[8
MMW=)(W.2R/X-BWDBY9@-%8[)[TOBAE5/[@SMSU./Y]LQC&JL4JJ+ ^%XS1
^#]:-7
@J4F)X#$G8H-$3DA2
MR_$D2BAC;GG49S$&RI36VTW@65S&?%)'A94X&.VKG6M6:PCH.;OG0
&Z4

9;
M9WT2RIQ0EJXZP&[B;37)70I=2@REFU$(1F@6:;SP 7A%F9UCM]1CQHGT5O90





MN



M!.4O

1B



MI1J2)DCM(#DWJ3:78E+2#&UF%6R5BQG*:0P0.G V6' PZAW[ 64JO(0OY1)


JHBL







TA

P
M2


ME;
$*C2GVN8$0( G*\.O-)Q0$4:[$0V:)@')E2D#T=B






;X*

MWT.9QV+

3Z[.6*3\KR#PWR
M^D)'1KB*O,T555ZBU.FIKHH?E*.2M *60LJCQ&]
C-4?69.+Y.6ZRC@# /'
HXEE3Q$%2_2Y=H<MD&]#F
MH_51^-5 #@3+LE2W:8)'R&$5QO_K=E\^DZ%FM'%5KCW(M94*X#]'.?Q7P7L

9UX-3O+Y5]YN1V;0.ROES$^'S@@Q0CM*
D






! I@[P@GVT@/?FDN4M*=P3&9J/

0\ RUUDC8:D+7L+AK3FQS'4+IU66@!AFF[$#*8:+ R_G]+EQ.
Z5
MBE]

;D_-C#F#Y7J*(QG1I2FCNK$D.)
M!Z)6]L

M6^RJ:Q)(N-1,85Y26;_3%J2SM*V]^:V//%\E9?8!\D $-TAW5U7;O =9F
+




/]B[

JLIP0;\[GS]#5I3
B2K;
MF20*5#N) 9)'S@6MRLSE/4/0C
LD)R-#8]42JRPP(KP



X4Q

5H1Q[J@B2 BI:4M6_4Z

M8^[FP;#I23I+4KD' 2+-

M:U*[.')LV)[/DFVS([Y3V3U$SMR SQ\?Q*Q$JW%7SP7\

M&U7^&/NKZ[U8'$SJ'K%[M_W#.A[T'40MJPB 0O44-0U^
#ND!I?/7PV\H$&U

M+4FR'\B*HK;U92-B

PH0NM0&C4UWQ

M2DFSY.M'J3YW#5U%REE6-D[0UCW#O5C



M;IE+MG









YNX.?OL_K+R@


7!

V:0
MC




MW0G%P-M0DUQFS;(3 :G%2Q!B([KOTK^52 4VH9







M
:FO.C+D43DF25&.!)1TH1(JD:6
&JC3NO2F<'V'8L559'R![O7%^$KD<-=9+J%;A]8( 0$/B# !.H


L_4@N]3+

&


!PP






22F;
MGLPS2?[2UR



CX:\?5)*E


5KKNGRPS3

$(*B*$63M!7!K7

50LEP@C+F#/G


PB!L[-:.Y#

.UF$-?:7
Q

E\I&+N)#5N-P\K-;Q$'=(4I-[U+SZR&0K @#LC*=AP'FX<8/UD,
M/S$A,:7'-$-+*0&.D]ES7?DIZ+U
S'=':7Y(G&MTZ318@N=MS915H*:3--.
M7H
'LVX:2Y=YJ_5IHU]J:8&9LLI%\9CO$SF%TU9:G%]HIV42-$,CUT95W2


M[PCEA!@


8U
W[2DS]4O=(\PN


=S*5K$?\ZL;9XH_)
[#N.N)+J4NT?5*
M=\.XFW2[H-M0:O^.;J!

$I4QC54;(&7L

M+.



M^$X#
V^PIV@:\.U4G+&M)B5R9-))#LX]6$EG'_]\^^I%YZ2TDLH(BTXR0R/3

X7K%2U?*_=6XD


@^3!5U-:1/?U(&A0NXH:]1L=





M]WH;PDR4[F%)KJ:V+ 3FA?*$
04@LR_E50HS#[QLJYKFL]\@K[U^F






1!$JE+TZ/'(X5L7ADGR4@7
M+8AXSP


UZC^YX:Z(X.$D





/!ZCI69W$$P+)N +XAGC_G)26
M,;_1:4^=XK;R-V4 -:F%)'2^VJ2 =B5%JF;38I\1*WA#=Y+XL[JF:SD
HF*


5@[)L6Y3F%IUC





_(EW




1*CL_APEOJ'H1B%:R:P_K^1@.P?O


PC=%Q/WK1NR!'XH /M.6JK4

ID
42K6-<_Q$325Y'-UUT-?%2/QO<__I

MP;H[.EBC&;='

M





4\SP2'A




MHE$C?!/VC^*!HO ;4A1?9J

MFX$51MT9I@GX)'$54;CLQC -AA


M!D^.PPO$^_4K'B-Y.
 .<OC3N\GG&RW]U/9
MVX@[L^E?^=J5,CC=ILV; )1Q1X%ET<\QA,W&K(C(R@73:0;B,F$3PP#JF?
M$&P,]\!C]S&W=+

M+7DD'

]];;)3'!QFY0N[@
A



MT6*#4N06&
F


M).U
#Y&:%X^6S%&@QN@&#CLW8N WQXR(VQG'(GHO51EWT$S))WHLJ=







 Y)M(NU4T0Y*12/&BT6


M%+MHAGGY^)E^



M4E




MGL!LF*S=8Y_B4BWO%VK8B\X



M=$N8I)JLUBLJ\]7B\#TYV:GW%:\IS_ VT.XO3?
\5[.
.




ZQ;LPEC


M/R@XL);B-57YK F[[HO





?3[/P.?*
MW(&U1+%?5+N*FA
&ILAER(7B\EP($WIH@A'76=6(&8\JX74V-!O%(!L\F0

M10%Z(


M^JWU.\J:
/ZO3YEM_Z




M-A8E1IXE:']GWKMWG_Q2CN%XQGZDZ8!10N8;.UIUFU9G[^-5DF%WG=G%C)@S



_#$O)Z%6C9B[WB^U.





J8B&BZM&Z.!4;^2S%AG

@D1&'KITB$3(0.[XUGXG$G$M=)T#8ZQ;4YM




MZ0/&!-
EH/H_25#1B%:60XS1&BNP@4
6K*/
FIHA236$R49#&K&^$QBQA+
M5
'MEX97L8+1

M'AJD+.#4AI%4B.MT$_*Z,?R#.'+47X\T=N[3'+IX),JZ04TF.LC[^PCNLH

MGU$%!\$4T2B
1QES
HV.
L/$\*98$.#+O/G/BBZBX2#A9 @;GIY[&^O46
X\





70&/PAD0($+AZ&


MS_$L&@
'!





?MTFJ8H2KG47@O\)EMCNT(^G9-KLS6:_(SMJ@9Z_ SG



XR*S+IR

$-CL8_#-
NQ 5F:

M.' EZL#G/+.!N6O'[C2ILN_;ZS(]@C%N;AY\8[PJ='2XYAHXG9KSYM)S57Y?
M1IS*KC\^AB%3QE0/+H

MM$VR[+&5
K:^3@CTD!$VZ*R4--7D

M4X0_&' KMTO*8M5^WI*':P3%KI^R


M)CD;SSJ!!;.L0 (P_2[1WDJL*]M:28M%O/I#% =E/-(:_VZ
Y&Y-&:C
@]







L=(#6VP(A0)L-D+X+?E$XW-0:PY*F^7IAYGW66%O0!]K
M2T8@$C5?)B0'F/H'%DFMK:@YQ*6


#7PTD0




MV+#;_$RSY!U=




MJ]O@&;:FYB_
+WAQ__DQ]UY6CY02$7]08<8,YE'.61,549 ](
MLN<;9J.[& YLY^U'*S@MKW_W?8A..<'Q_ _O=[S&^T+O'FKNV@+J5?SS]X+
M D^XGYLV!S^ WK

ME^F2;5
6C5C;'K'6[$6S%UNZ%TW6[VX\L?U9OPV$[Z8-F6Z[:;C\R!HNW[0U


M(Z0*9]426*WDEC-^**?BUV7;6I\Q .)\]DQ@P(ZGS'61M\WN12+':.J% 9
MW

^(PAIRN+RB8:01JD
-W PCA_%3'W5J9T81P\*$8A
MCGOC2X@^

#RJHDQ=$90O_D\8










S
M/#[#LH.(\K:F8890ZD&LDB+3AHCOQ6I/4\7]WE%CC:R;INW&'5\[30\WG VS

MT$2
ULVGQ[W-\FF3!?Z(TW/V9)F/1DCL&N'W9)D-?S7\U?#7#A)^3Y;9\%?#
M7UO#7\UUZ6

12HC17=7TJIFZ/<0:KJ#P3.(Y\; /SBP8C6@?S]I/Z&_96#ZV[EA

4[FF&R)]9QE\K/]EOG+6
M_61YCIWUM1$_




9;*

M?[QNN]NV+::-;5K#'5O



M9B_(


O9$:Y#X\GV4Z90=FG!=IF(=[VM:M

S1.VV_8/CIJ/-FHG:]P]Z^U
?O2&B]OQNT]5QW40]]OL;=DN:
M:




\9N^6END/KND^C;=NQZM8:=?\9PGR
M

5_ 

MRNE^@EE;$+KZK
8*V'



M_UV$8)%WB](1Q]8N, -BF$[X#'O VZ#/5_XT0//V#LOXFP__;.0!SGZ=R9

C83R

B!]SF&AN;H(A]ZG*(@U&\&DD09A7.#:85 <XZ%EAX@Y)TK\



$P3^

SQ[7C3A_



^P6'/[Y01M&



%2&RZB7+N&:Y=G9Q__?/OJA88\]5!
:<4:\B4.P*8TOB6)%/HOX^*E*PONJ$N4F #N3:E*=F7*2!_
ML^ *!!)HXE%!!BVS-U(7WDA31@% E 8/(E/I93A4OL58Q$^7*@Z1=84YR6RY
*O/1@H*M7;S
M.[3Y Y@:639@JT++V**E 0H=H++XA4PP W*8@9 /K)\YF^#V)/BW2?-%8
M=&?O_D281HP_I/) 1:%BF1:N)+S@5U&\0#%N
8+
(V1&!
@-%DJH-.#
495
M:
WJ?B+^S[EY'/S!!)R^XH8V1^)%A.%^,A[$8@RV :V5-\
JXC^?^D%/3*
M29G89*[0S%!]&LQ+

6
ST18;@T\C!MG
M6



MR!_@0D3)7


!L







MTC@H
HR/H2G(F@5UP=P#&K/% /] $8-68NT[YWXR.AF;
@!@J#Q!@7(#*R

M47@1YC+H/4;AY:B1MQWSPG



'GMTW?=W'-YM\.Q(% Q595R'GBJ=NUZB82#])ID]@(GEO0329
MJJG.J2F;DJ2OSV'VS7L#$B9)
Y


M#)=OMZW*O:;^HZF?:V1L(V/W1
;^2F$+#I151&JGW^I59*J^ +BPG^*5449?




HD+9F?V81@4B
5M=7
M
*S%*MXNM

M8.'1*O6(#.1:2AOPBT3]&_$?5 95W)2*E[\X D%!6GS5)U&801804PW(&





T'EZ?=S0^Q4:--[MN#.^(..
M(]=<O^Y^R_A.N]UJW[%A_)/__/3PBVO(U9#KL9.KW3ILB+4JL9YUUDMYS]M




SAN#!0/%ALE$D@


0B4'7@J(R&P+C7])!F];*5

@G06S#K Z )0ILCRXEW=R(C?$6Z+A8@SB5WB6$@=WU


TESB;Y


N'J/%8



MW3F:[\LZ?\!L:E $-H4B8%6PW*ER\(=J8.KXIVJTRN&0I'_OEC;T#Z[I/HW1




MP3\ Z
(#ES._LBV\

M%^[$=H]C&EZYI0C9]3[%#5O\(%LPX42$\


CL&?_QXS49- _M@SZLR3.BJE*EUTP]%N'.&P='=WI]UJ'




M'C78!FLCYK-NUS\ZN.N1WZ-&?
\Z=^\/72%7$ZQZ?&98G*?!

M7II@QWV0'8UZ6R]13S:
F;?+PKK3:?N]SN






&CMQ0J
BOC.*^_W<)-6+GG

U$&R)8)9H




M_POV3N\KL2 HZ107Z6Z]]0*7'@]


^%!7DD%)D=8];'4


#&P[29 YT:. U6';(!BP





MLF#X=P%6

P?&%Q
M48#R0_Q


 YEIE



MI71.P
'//1Q5[OS@U2'.


)4




M




MZH'%-]EV5MP*&9*8CTDU5P&8@U1?]'L1*V;X;M]GVMH'XL:'CGTF_!!TS0#S


:WP#)V/]

Q0


M@9Q/


0-;K'\A-
M

M81U
E


DT


Y;=66!#
M
^4)


9G&RXR8-$4T5I).QF:.U

7

M.HA?4'8&
'RF
'4.;;9


M
&86T'O#LW&.G1@N

1':']?2QC5P58J[Z



 P0T15DF9609U2%]N%U&K5FBJ%J(A.ZA25





CQ


--B#*!['\3U7BIN-

ETP0FT'T](J#C<B-,?T


0A.U#L!@-[MN



 KB'LBXT
M_!)OAN+*
4I84_@IY0FDMEBB
M/9?:; 'O$F95Z)?%(OM
]I$.:BXW-KPO:C1<<H
M.A?3G@7M0RY

ZWSV7G



]@3#U=NSU!P)0;BL4\(B %J5QITC1F99A 9$!U%


A.)#2A0
YLQDSKI


B[Z4-P=RHL#T4')$P\(FLF3#R#@H%+6PVUANV
M:00STF6


%9/Q
M99





---G
M@?

M7$M8D!
<H
T%
M%K=PJXR--0%CDX*9FX3N%\P*6\(*LLV?N0NPI+=2X4?4=V%'7X)KS^@R1DQ
M18-TR&3N.^2F,QUT0?M*4, +A\QB$3-V@\9CB@2E$NSIA[$NP!37YKPU5J




VUT/
2VAG3DL I[
MI?*
E1?Z_=(2X\W$5RO;L$00$


!
MYO-/7_C5;[&%MPN\%+

%&XY-N-]H?M9./G9./AD'&3NKSNV'W(@S+WWC[Z7_%/
'J6?KF

H



M47;8) '1@8#H.N'R0):1F58Q(S



MV&S?V7L<K:=2QK.TR2R-<JD;X
MFBQ3\I?D+\E?%21\398I^4OR5V'X2T9HR^;JI-II+U;\+9@?]-VW=MN-KMJI
M4:ST_;?NRVUT6A(@NWM1&^IO79/TFMO!Z3:Z-0G[/!^ =95^\-\
Q.DH_



M(C*S%-%@FHK^WF'1WW

M;\+VF6R)^SFR1(?4H#5L0N]9EK8=CSXAG;O,'B=)^A+$29YELSV$W-L+QG

9
M3PC.FNU-=':Q7)GV



M#-*QRF@V0_R*/,:I/4,6\C[+]P/8#&*
J3ZH/LFNIA1ZE7C*
T\4$-A?K)


M7 

T$(8

XO6 @Q@\53L9A]YI#2\&W


YTS2%SL ZH K:C'+O:*L%;.E7W 6!TN[8E.)K-9N





5-R%[9LZ31UV[K\LG#Q(
M&IW!V/R$$U[  T9.37MIX
KN;1MU+%@6S'DP9ER*@V:!O4 MB&NTQ$'GKW78


M+J)_E\^ BR:0=&(5SRM4W*#W00OB[/T5SAL

M%BAN0R+2&C33M1

VP2XX[J< 9%&<?IQ
M!8+K-7.E ;$KVOKY2/#TL9&X3'.3DQ4%=S!%9
=B1\ 334 N.YV.UGS^
MP*$Z(I[



/@9!8%!H


X#ETKB
D(I!?3@9DI@
QQL)NY@0T7'A9
ML%N$ QUI02C/#
JZ_M(#[!M2E'@QC!#S7I'$;ASZS!$\.?.7^PD/N)W@*W

ML*(;.O$F5YVD\HR8--PZ_+31^Y]H@N7/(==H+AX8!S3B'#@9N!'QZ=ZN%JFU
M(E__!2R01P6=5%/X7KA.++B9$H#[UZ9#&2=G#_G



48-<6V'7V:QQ&1MR'CXR+S7C!J[@[D7(_CV*+SAOL2
M+'CCP!&2(4Y &MFKP/
R-QS7W#;WT!UD'TV8BWD)

MISAV=$VFZ2ZWM8-1A-
']\^@\[=$QY5I_
5 2L#'%@F4C_0I_=AM?'^R1G=)
MVCYP0*

PY2A!.(^(K/]K
MH@1NM0CC[5@5;8* DE: #O2M5Z*WB[\S,B3NK\I/TR- 1@NS
'1P!Q]=E&2
MA9!#7P

O3?6U\R8S




LQ$%@9%




!(:^



+
M[S[_MT#]




$-S^:

B)W



MTQ1YYSM9$%[] ]T?L[G!R^]0[^:#B!^:KL49R^JCT@#1,GQ$4:T &$GYS0


M7J2KFOR^N?88
GA8SX^?-40&8**$ETM)IO+460 ]9$\3OV
(R7J.WQ^%SQ9
MO\?*@!AY\*+3$CCG]=DYX12$[( #:&*:07(AU


^?0IZ/E%@

M!M7(6*7PB(CB@N*#V%%UE.KH]D9.HWW

 2TRZU


ME4D_:Z!FSS5/.\A23874!QBPQ2%UX.Z?*V/ 12M&?;J5&W:/5^U0]UV3)S
:
M0/MJ8%P@

6B67-
M%*N5+3A76ZX^*[?HKAU;LXH$__)-Y)ZL#(N[\#ENVBD$QBBG\0;#&?=&\CS)


MS
IVE8_X-F$R1QKB4&TWGB+YFV\Q/FKJZ[SB(?]]5()EFT$%-LXI%  -5V




M7%=[A
?42-BB@$R88

@4+ZD.PM=.K$$


)?




M[F[PE75RHZBD#
8-!LFPQAI




MAL:MS& VHHY.\*9$8Y;N[U.]^\AUEO7U?DJ3B%WOC^6-;KRJ@_#;X0/(=J#
MYZ5'(0:U@OFXH8GL6ZW:3H$X! KAFX\C/_S+-XU0SXR[2\.%0U,.@*(TH6
M\E37&&ETA@3FP 
=;\.E:;K*[Y!72O


K=I'S-H'.L)V6$
MO0LNL;#)&OF4(2:1K^&OS-X



!?W[SAX;.U;@^:(%H;(8XH5I&9: 7+1&OGGHF624):9=/-
D#51^];EX4(UVGN$FQA
MQZA8;=2X_8#%S_F5S; 1B!.[7A<W9L1L@\O%E)D+<]:QL36AUHO/=K'(%+8
MG_S.0==
=B_\

M;ORUMK/I
(_]6IQ(_JI9F&\2 KH00/







!+[E
87

D6KRT=B(P0FB!T%8

M8HX+;LX_ .Y=1:/M;^#^!&K$ I7QCGH1V2(HE7 &@^A
M'QQL(J7J! 5$9MQ

M


X1\F< Y_0WR9'_C4G03:1'ZM;VJYSB$S0?WJZ<DCM6@
M!^:00S@X&'SGWON\CXM21-]&OYTDIAT'XE)=DP$11OD$ *L]6 ;^A9S[R*V
M.
YKB7+:#[7^?BL)!
86-;)^Y?:+0::  +!^^M#Z\-HDA+P(YM!$R8T.:C(D





MNRBR1'
7!1
@'W[^;O\O1\T;BB
A 8VG'RW;^NKP:\.*I2UA -_]=*]IJQ]Q
MQ2-+Q[\N_O:-!\W$/+*1=Z8Y#J8-85([^T 96C#T#9O_].%ZY$ZL1N_/5O=/
MM%
WN^G#\:3]Z/E
M+W7;$]_\\'-3[;:[__-#?+:'G,K$_.T]=T7N\PO[W/\3C< 4]WG8/.X^2_A6
M')$[FXE4?V !XR0J+RQBX;-9NDB)V5;VO[4F_MFY!K37/GN9:8?!2-\M9US



&1H[62#0YG@Y13LAI#==BMKM26L#H3V?Y-FRW@7X[H ?W;UY<RGIMXYX
M2DXXA<!G?(3\ZWF0&VT9$RJ7#R0<H *5/VPUZJLC)?2^T#I_=5W+.IN3-+;

MNSAB^
RV7







M]B3+O27@OX!.8R+3G?:4KPG0@[-]Y$MBD@


M+)/


M909HGSF;)T+XH :G70.LCNCW$;2'!\3AK]9\S]Y ]?11DGT1?ZURH+D3/:G-
MUHZCNOG:X' EFP3\'?C5\
0JP2E4PF.H;-DBASU2#9+O$H[O$W%I/9NT+2F-

Q
]1;
90C.



M;FP3DQCLG7_M0
JS<CNY4I7QU=EI M-*N]YV9R=3NY')^/[B[.
ME2^CR]'5V85R^^O%Q=WMNZF:!3K,GN5\BW$F:W55!;W7=.4G\G$?/VX.E0(2
M)E_X^E&W35-S7.RIZRULWP5N:KGF9LY2GN@N-875DQ)_AI<:EYYZ\QEI1

F@*SA1THZ ?!/;9-$6&Q4\?&A_H9S$P_1S3?/0H1ZX
M8XA_,J.K,1YIK,]*3*6] S0)UU-LF1]VN[TCO]Y,*AET#IE)HM-;C-2@?;R


M)N?YCN$9




WQ
K#BO6DP)I5CWVJJWS#SE.RNO

)G.-1L,%]9H;82I$4-0$95
MV'=0]U7V^TC8TYI-)8-4XUF

ML;_ZBOB#-CYE/-U2N]WJUO58OI ,?U%L_Y2;"3[FASV9UC^ZPB@28!??*I
MX=!2&YT*5?:JX'ZG7/&Q4= &[Q)=%U5L X)P?/) /CNV:9)W*/!*3IG%YH9L
MNY%PN^6*]-^9DSX
R\-;8J!K)Q=L:VNVI


M?4\7_W9;ZJ!SY !


M;XMR6_-L\NW;^.[;Q=7=K3*Z.E?.)E=WXZM?+J[.Z@!X]]#(+^*A
WNY-#S
M!G7Q$@ 

XTO$98H&W@YX*$.H%(%EN0F5UZ5:Z#HHC
M57=W





A/'8<



M0AR#.PC;AR+H7


M3M]/*T%L9CJX#3I8MWVL0%(

%R%6%0VMFXU&I*5U&^<;B88UNVU5?XX^?SAAU=W=$/)B;<
3KL&[&?T
M^VC:A^MP^.LUW[
W;'_Z*
D+\1(C[;//]
%C7&GNRU_Q?=JY:W4ES^;Q$\-



MM:\\ ZIR%6;IH/-_\RW&F;'5515TAJG\1_R%TNKC9\TAU0Z)?'5 'P^4 A(P




1]7
1;H(A?2;S7VQ;IY1:YCP8

F2X=




YA
M7VVU9$?- N]]=I;V$.RKCO2Y%'?OLRQYT5+[S2-[6:1M76( 5Y-EED#T5(WD
M-5FFYS)607@+!FZ+H[5/+9F]I(I

E9
MDK







MY%'52%Z394K.DIQ5 

/J
BVU(ROR
MUH*+

M%)X#



UU



D?@E
M2^_ZX


M(;





N Q.JRSE)(



_
K;BNPVP
MY)NUO*U??[(VH[O=(9@R\N;X-*.EWA8VEJ%HWE=UBEY2_)6(7B+JV+X4X,%
MQDQ

MQ!KLZ\])6MIZA#2.9W;[?\:LG0^M:-OV_IM/Q13,9D5^VN'\7OVN;Z\+.(









(Z)5_$9H7')4Q:+#


E\=

M@V2#UVTBV]/
(W)!AD4J9G*3'('OVBF9LV8&LT'%(68%]6J]BZ;?[:??*1
M.['F@/]/WE,E5($1M\8WDSW71SG-KAC0[^:S,EC,'HRW/1NGK?4[KO=EI'
MOGA^W'O@F?8'H$U;@!AFCGOQMV]XSQDSP^^WYU%.^-0.6:']
BO4F =**#2N

ML@'96UCA8\K289TK0:D)L4R 
36VSX8]7%@4?/9RQW:UTTB]\/F'GT\D&VRR

MY]X\I%.59(Q

4%18-!IK]5\.-5Q6+46





U5V21O'37G-ROFRK4 Y#YQB5XS


MY\&8
0Z-;MC


/-9N#E;W).*[:
M
DL3&*H:X6NR3

M94K.DIQ5 
Z25\.*D^3T13
U:\94Y3??8GR36I@TUF@.2I??E
.U+K6,O$]
MU],L'0B\H_FP




!ZV4K\^*U






#?7!NJP
50[C1JS3\%$2*JL\59Q
D@]75[RPQOY
MH2@)@LU62VUU^]7AB])RQ-&[&37;?;7?3+UH1RU889\+58=(AR)74.JH[592

M2E_AAJ_PBGFB.'/I7(/5RE OCZ^D2B.69Z9E&+$\
RW#B.69J1PQ;7@(:GG=




6)Z9






MUR3QXS__

MNHY8'.U00N$N


M'#:=)7Q]_=

RW#B.69:1E&+
]

Y0('^9D(QI1';




C=V)%@OZ\

MN0&W;6&;(+M=GK.1
3N\.:178QXHH=@H3'&?@3IL#]7!
/6[X.5AGX*)D%19



:&I[K?J5F-[8$*_\M4



1&-JQ%_B782KPKG'0_O9';.

W85PU*N;(\I3474
M=:6_6XW/MT G*LZ\\;AM&C.#N?2M)D[54;0P@0F&X\%(^.E42= \4G]477_$






#R/]B^YY/D]CU7



J6K+EG%36XW<&/[?)/I5 ]2V^26
20[@  \TNAT)8^4GD<RQ!?-KMI)OQ1D8?%
M1 [O0 X??]$
ZT0Q ?
JP







M F5DBNP\!RVUE[[?2#)%#DR1(1YHJ?WAD5-1I#.AS*CA;*%9]PQK!VCD$:-
M!=/0IH9IA#$&##N

6::#'T^P=PLBV$4-


MY. L[JB=3E_R2NEY)8^P=%/M=YO2EI20XZV08VP]P
)M!\Q&B3+V##%NBX
(
M%?.-/G?5ADQ

S;[:/G8#;
E$SI]%,KP)WU7[ YG07GS,^J3
MY!%P&*C=S.\]2I]!F;'#.+P-SZ))CS](%\*[@XWBWFO.&**C-KM2/Y29-[*\


M045JH$+F


M665DU?:A)LN4[%:
?:C)




]++O;.I3Y[#

MM-**L0\U6:9DMV+L0TV6612G0 '






7=PI'\\OSFXN1K<7)\KXBO\+_J%@I=,J%3+-P5I 4P'_O_C;
M-QX QE.DT/4<8^8Q'7\QLO3X!Y%O7C/'L/7@7N:YN)4)/YL^QA8OGF8+S;IG
M-YK'+N9S-LN@7-X^%D=7-EO--:'MZ#R57?YLR-[M$KYE;/'I-O(6H#)&$HQ


MN[;:[O:+Z9VMAO569L4[LY=



ICGTK@6JL*=07S7H$E(@6LO]1 1H( 6YUBS*6R
\HLP89EYL[.[K
MN*3YJM'0 EP7*F?Z\]LN\!'I'Q# ]6


^$T.=0#UULPEZ%*HLO_U#%7-



1L

MV!E3!M #[0SS47MV(^=N$1HQ0G
T&XWO/RO!L6WCHB*F2+/;5I7@#S!%?GAU
MYS;@.'_)X+1KP+9%OXYF0K@

BN+4%EWDZN5*R*G20Q)('W


&WBZN[V_?2N)0R[Z-NFZ;FN-C4S5O8OJM9
MNDM):@P0(9AAHMD[:#/M)$XA;@A=^4OF&+
-]]0MD



PVOTNQME-S\

PA8A^\-U\TUZ LT2BI

Z2 :!A'FR#$$U

MB7ZV&[]_S)F= ;SJ:0@L;G(4//GPJBCI1:[CVN&D9?W/KW=WUI_P
BR&;%F?






M



M)+B50F@Q%7 3NO#&C1?4:T =&=L

M
KC%R-Y^@'J7P@^1V


3LIPD
M1&K



DW



M^?5-IHMNET_?Z$HP
)K^4+F





!A;$U=X#GNE

(
MY0QLT22*A=0&B/
FO;^)?H*

M[5LSZCRNR;^4*;
BQ




M

V'  Q*3CAR.0\A

M^3PFW0^A-&Y*4/4G*FNH1-E:REU369;-;I9;97_BOH*
)U\]K'OP'1P3
M.
:];



(_JI^2C_*'?K5



(
JX]@Q.2&L_UW
M+_QYU]O#$E?9UNZ\U;3-H4Z75T2W@]N&A@P-K49#EPVDH?:5H2%#0_M#0]TF
MTE!W9S2TACI:4[/CN;V.2[RW6V]OO
PDEFT[:5;#G549X.QE5=_RS;0MUT^_



M)Y2
TH<P.]F9;)I!@Y VV043&44


0
P[E@1\_JUNXT2[AP%GF1D%A.*E1&=?@D7^*H=OW


5C4=]XW[;?3$35'D*E
\-('$6'].(A
(M?@I(DZGE_X%Z8V+&4.]A0ARV].\Z\;B+:
MA0/QQIBXQI_LE8S<+V[%Y
D&+_4
YO'MF'N$?=84_N4S7G6:.2EQB:#'M!S

MFR8U$ )G=_Z1SM.=7J




MY1@X_X#&LDMU3MXR#\V\&?#L!@:@BZ
EU&TA]T:C#=LZ\FQ:)O/6O!MDI0@$
M  


^(*'A]71R().R8: #M?,1US4:_SL]$2I?Z.W'80<R#'P/OD1%5C6&D:1\4
M4)*;#F@TMF8&X( G\N#0])([].ND7V4G$'O-Y.Q)5W)A?(D<(&SA],5@!(*


E1X?D4CP8^00R H^4\/SU0
V#9








5
G_+C#(IH5L<2[8C;:!L65BUE?^<LNKD=S\&L5A
MTL=?6Y8*-ELA?5F-B\]8E[YH*L48DK#R4Q#^8



7U!$L0%3C^Z
$F



RR ]#JZ

P0 7TX

M=/@2Q/AC?)LT$%Z=JT7AA2Y=SMP#&5B[38+PCX^)%8'Y5)
NS3JP'=R
+Z







M=-%N;W+CG9]VB$J+#-&1^SP][I8

M$5GF'&DZ\6

MDWR)2X48)VY0P!?CMJI2/]]W8%86TU1+(0T6#6PA5.\#6O
W1$-&AD:\TTCS



MY0!7RUY.CZP_2OS ZJPY24M.$


M



-DAXXDEXV$$E5

MJS
9


M

*%<?



-6G

Q+8&[B
([%B
L3&3\-38ZY#;$!#KN+Y[;]T'8T#YBY.+5DF9
O$/JXY!UBU3'I/[?L&\N5DU[.,*P))'+L( VZU2@0KR8*I@@8?4+
](
MM?+GD0OT6CFX6V8
R.::MFI)GN;0JKWQF

MAKK XKA?V2)+SO1=)_1-UCS,2,XI66'(6Z
X%D7SK9N34=:MI/[XV 



 .[B-5-XBSYZ&]7#Z[9C@AHW;
MX!^/.AO2-G L:4JCB .9GK6I6R+.$LF7


%+F VJ!09EP[0=I






 VB9!C

C%P6JJ97FP/]^,A8(
M^N]TR5*'_+B=:YMY8[99^?3';-;]8*NA


F^B\@V;CEA0-J@;5.7[RA+[Z
M3;..]7CV=U;95[W^^@B@[ KK)H#Z5;3&@&\Z@IR*Q-(:UR4*5HO$

_!

1S;MZMS3J/WI:PQ!G4L&R!

L:JI ]Q%

#JL8!\1&#1

LR93G%
F\YV4?


?)E?=E+(Y2RR?L+K2NRMA=Z
N+
MI^SF_+[*9W;M._?82AI[A9#K!IUH6\VZ[[1;%^WIMF9+7


M=8017NXY]XB!'1CD7\HY#889#&L0AK%85NEX.4@LF#AFGFC6$W

Z8O@





?6?=7*

M'IA80;^?AURY(GGOHC@S_:SU8,=#7#+F'T%OSOP6]\5/OR_;6;@!?XZ *$
9@KO'=J/ J@*^$THL#2.
2[$(!B_O1L7678#L\^!28!<AR*W2!-\6!Y;@#





F8% A !)\I*2?*


M&$W
!%1 ]-O31Q$\YSN
[;OD;C)




(]FR;_\HAOT*V@'F$1. [9
MT?*K'0$Z/W





M%H8L#%D8LMAOLMC@])UUO)XS;]1DKRZ?O2K+CYN8K+ K\W9M:;'0NK5E/549


.B+1MM*TI&L

M#TF(W:.T2LM^LD
GPLE&!'1NHT^#2S+0IV5=IC?CYGLS=FMJS:B
K.XR&RDU

'J2?]H'K=



MTBI)6



^XW=R4^C+A
MLBPF 









M)4[*+=Q3CFE)W1=0YHAI!KZONL/BRW %X)U$

2
0:17

/D
D4?$\%HX+SQ//)L4:7\)J
M%QF^Q*M;I%:#+IZ:/QNQ\@C4RLK+K-ZTF KV$H QBBB1B@3^4@O
%M [@-](



G&4!KHQ(@-B5%X^*
TGUCRZ 
C5I#3^O$WF5E5)/@7IK1NK6+B;DVUQ+1CZ:^B6RQ)








OQJMVX%U+N
MOF.;35ZKS&NZ2Q


M $D2OH9

MH_EQ
4]VV\I Y^3HY*Q1?MQO:?[=-V2RW]#3-


G.*V!-=%1/^J PWH9F

M*G4'['?4$&40Z)H*O(8(9P3DJ['&C%Q;DK3Q4^4


[!^XS

M=NA-
D/&C:0+
<-H_\8K%:WAYD0RF/R



MLV
VK*N31@QWWQ!W;Y8=C*@'N
K(D3G$8TF\UJ_%P,,.JK//LOZ.:1'UA?
M/;!\
L' A::;9

M/IO&MN-4PD#%G9$'D4]2/-I^O!&&B0'L0B9!SXZX[*BB
.( 6=^NLF0HQ]T7





M

B.
M833/BB5]@O+_%D]8KZ)1^$G@EL9LY?O+]!NE#MTH[UAKH K;)I-5K:):1#5


XU
$J


V0\( EU

/:
/Z$ ?X)AKQ3B.#C0PV

MF;9@3NLI4N'
)&XCO'?^3O/ P5SE$KK?1M-P=Y .^Q?F+G_5\I5OLYQGZSH4




:JRKYZDVVZ$8R5DB/=5D21\RJB9/PS\YX!)^4Q]960/ECESNX:K!*G=O

MJ*YW6GWT5YZ4:=TC51Z\IEHA\7
UE)+=M=28^4E+%43*J:+LE7!Y4H%4MXBI

MR7&_+XUY*CWFT'GE-5QXJK11&U?XQV


*
ON4V



 #5*U- I4&
^D4@


7HF

N2SG/

7)]L'LF5\$##X$\3)K




MN



MW)9(ZPHUEUU&E?4)I22V]5 QH5/PB T9*

MN&5 ZE

M2M$_7QV=OK*P)3:\G[BUMW_?.4^ T*)_EL_&3WAYH6/?$;YGM46?RD &K0E
MCP?(QC2L14Y/D:,G6:,K?R(J/'*)C[2O"[_J!TPEQ296Q4P!0GB.4W7_W2
M;E]. T9Z+%*:D%I?WQZG$[(Z)^^^8BJXZRA/?VY4B1P$PA2I9L67=?*67
JZ







B
TVI?^)PIBQ^?91=.](]C3?2]




M3/.@8/X2SM@

M^VD5N#X3Z:(%ZQFEM?G*Q2D(7B=(





6:M%T+_P%NZ+=4HG+\ 


9]MEQ21RM3A#^A-Q\[R

8$VQB2_UX55M@9=;**6 6]EPF*VN0X!AIJ7S*P3C8LSH;



)JFJO?S(YQ4
M


4DX+8]2





R2JU)C*!-Y
66
MS+V6EDZ@AF8@*?MM[-
HUYMR.%!10^:$BP#[4435[DQ-$/U+#GU.XUZ!



\N/:2?ROT\0V
M$QFK5R!LX*NY?2W]U.G*I[%J%6OK%X]NBW9J)9-9+L%M)D7
7!BA0BC75?.JR84*PV=5:6O:9[R$,^Z&)^YR]H[.Z;6]A[4


NJC41]7:7H9^ ]'7!]6




M

LF%9)B\39K&!42_?+X

R-;W3




CZQP+.F6O?X;4_\M(ECIHK=-1TV5%S



M6%0MP'_

M$J#8LH


MYQ0N!OFUDPIU&CX DM.MJ%HQF(Z]ZO*[?7Q%)*E\IU&PFJ=@U3) ]DO@'Z'Z


-Y;2&'4Q-R
M



^;




#TZ'H:BV!-C4Y3<[E0

;GAHS7(V/W

MI?%$G/DREER]89)\GW3XK0C L]9%2?=9H[T;0I]!Z(C!ECL:)S%5O
*S(C^
M[


J**O?CGG]@+%

MSD;Z? :X(C=P(FL

M]^E4.[&H.:6K%\T0'M?1%(=G;M:W@=WP/5%)ESYQ UO:N7&4W1ZPH_M@#)?4

O:RI
Z1\=F'Z4QER/XSRV#TB\PR&VQ'8IPWM2V72(?<@._V%'+
I8FL1




MSYMWKW[.;TM-[3T^=^'2]&M&UURZRY 7Y^3HG.^._L06C8X^ENO\\Q46 ]P)
M+-V!OUR/Q\)WOK?/SL^Z9]WN]T[%R

M$ %.#JPL9.@ANS9#L#:4U-^M-Z?_\JJV(=KG9HCVNEXM
T3[90[1_A2$?')0
M??D'C%[R3Q_!6G!REE8O_+F$C^YP[/=4$O@.
.=P(Z$;4!@6BXDV0J]([5*M
M +71;0FWVQ
&_[DA -&/RFF_H





AY[8 (T



MSEW^O
;3S6N5.G_V4

MSN8

UGQ7$/RF _!W

(EP_1G+_SKYW?X[-][8 Y=/[M178&


M:O8$BYJ;:-C=8RGSDN2'21$\$%;0M*S!JU;WTM@L^X(]34L4O&JUN[7WQ5Y0
M@IB YIY'8E[(


MN[Y+6YNITFFU.[4KM_M3'M/$&ZYYR

[#[\'KER:L5H#(0@'%#4K8&+ZH8%









MY8:GFW7/BC/%9J-A5[.^827/'D?P5_53U;2S*I]@]JE38$67)RO
.BM;Z+S&

 M.YQTIQPZ?F;F_BV.2*MRP\72PC:3%::#XG90]%XNY)S\
M_IOP16A[U[YSG?.\27^G7GO


QZ4]!12M641.1T@^[NK9\8F

%XTFDW

M/CTA:NX8:EZ#FC&GY?XIV$X'F5;WJHDA&B.XFT[JG2LB]5-#ZNN2.M8S;8G8
M+\XO#Y/8#1FO2L:71


EG:)QGC(&


N^V+B_JIO+\#*N-U$DM



S9!F1G?=L
S[M51OE8&CQLN\[;A/MY)7








M
G&O30=



H

MUC
-UX!L\-]8_:K<Q\UTU4@1B4'=N]QS9)5#EY
M!)#=FF2\!EHQFN$VO43%?2E/.DT$(;,9F;I^GZK0H340N.\G)W-CR]6X2?4

\

MBE

^ ]U[)7X^D4WXU5Y/3**7'6W]%E


# NN9?@&-;CX3QV6U,J#C&A9V;7?0\L CCY9PLMNUMI:1#E[/^'7[N44

%3
MT_X [9[]YP=/CNJ85S[SKU'_]%7_I-O9[Y;S@&UXC+\5(%UAYXL!Y W5.0&

+9MF)V&:Q)_\



M6!L5;





W:P5XS0X9M@U&!A]M4I?+.!6
MU$$BJ@TVL+,F@+$JTX;62DBL%1Y3]\@SOY,'@'PUD#\S!*.MC\*Z 38N6*%J
MH.G:EN$_WWHQ81MS?1FHCWYU0 HH)S80WQ?T( +/Z/1E'9O6Y7VZXZ)
] *

+6FS'
[90HVUVZ9EAG$WR8KQ=MU;N]9]SPZBSDXM/7E
MW\%



M1\-&N]N.JXV98CP:0GZ2H]]D=#MFL%ZZ-IFAZ'
B-N=L_]
1&/:=(:CLHYQA

!^
/BF-+=
YS(:
/:+X? BV1I8/P?C'FQD2PT'Q



J\^RGOYU@YAS;Q#CL

MM'N]

M89*Q8J0(JA.E@$MM=*+

M*_KXM8H7#+N(*7-+4#VF^E(U
E7K[ORGII/9/J@HI
+T_



N3:O ZM[9%I% ]DZ5**NS7)XXOU.+<\
M!PCX<:[;[@H^*XS/M[IQ#;88K:=<\+VE@5OX(Z^@52%LE*%TAQ\@:&R;JFA
M



MOTUMA!%#0=&M.-11&G5Q]1LE7X.L/&






H#=-91K




MD 1KSD%: @)9T%PJ1F
.06WC9OC(+TB#62T1A@QR!6C :61(:1*)$I.H.
MTBT=Z4?GS:BZC2?[%XBV9]7P!_V!NNWPE3'CC
@:GII



%;


K






MJ!\*1;?!W
B F%;@AV;#N&

MZ2@\-OHAHS(4ZH0\ 41+T[%W7]R*(L:.+K[Y8MBF$M\.


M DGNF=

.W1N!K

MD-2U2S/!95T3R;.ZF90Y.)R4E$LHEP=!/TW5H.&H)$NGP2TPGS13YS3@
M8IP[1NN[S9^R!6-BYV)?2FV%R55R#QL*@\Z&I)S*B-,B]9' ,?;+LP80,,6
M9F
H43*Y&A6/S'PUJ8L590O6^=OO_ G/\P)<?&^Q'!C4_$I
M%9ZG:]O6 ?AK\! % !/VF!XJ1D?75P*2]E__1V\/9VOY<I_]2U[
\
5QW8?
M

/*=
M/+NZ^#Y

??@_X&M[.PK^L1.3Z:P%\
:_I7*GI^IQ!8W1*=-+9'
C.4
$
B*H[5TU)&)EK1E&-:+DW1RF*2CT5=N\]*$U]HYV@O''G&\



MQ/BY/Y%84OI1E(ZNU8)HO9/@'JD%K4LJ/I2*J=^KTY-4?!P5?[4\NQ B'G9*



CI/!7
M WMTDRM^6JTC[0SZP4L4R:+Y3:




)/\XV%N



%./[PL;8'ZM.I%6=E;37GECM0


 G0;


D
&46






MRIX#:M?3/Z]F
@
M]TL-AI@N<&8KOA8GN-ID#K?!.2KL()4WIIDJJDUPT\_5FR8*9+^R<XG[6\N



M[XGCI)]@.KW-4COB(VAS&*M];:TUNN'+SG:Z6UIITNE3QK]1'S]\0AJCV=

K)!.#\/9A#W/5)E]4AVC8L@ ^
M82$UR\G#C9ZFR7NKF76/;VE0E8PVQYK?Z= F7Z$BT:9HM#E:!4F#-GG474AC



MHVJ(48@C(F_$V*(A%# PH9_SP(3#A5JMIE^=PAZK:4#5Z@A.88\2S4H_@E/8

M'$HLJ (6Y-H6IU=.PSUICM=F^-5);/(D+27!SN D-BD1K?PS.(E-[FV4_U:C
MF86^RL

M%\RF#-/ )N BXQW1U[*Y:[*(.)0FV/P/'4K&B[IRUM@T#Y1;?RA)JQ7*0.SB
M8D
.[ACN31 K*$ <BU_
MR70@9U-).;'5AQ78KV.Z#.SKNE[$\<-:=R B0\%^?YC^R*8XG%1WX$(\ 0U





MQCZ0=2CA)PP_4





')FX:]Z01[.2/N_:6%FL]_T1

[UMW


%;PU
K4A25?;
M&TF J#%%UH2K?61QL7G_$VX-0+M0_V([P^$ %/

MX
MZZ_F&[


X?-YGT5F92R7K8X$U/D6!^)O)5%7CGN1R)O99%W

53


+[ :XW:/E!%H



0[E9U-V*S;U6N+0@3B4H]N[4].!
$(?#BY-'Q+
M<WY<:(K(_VO5N_44]EAE;E2K@SB%/4ID$^0@3F&/8MCTK&?L\5\Q;JVR(HL
M$3LZB698G&BACBR].Y&#KE7IG;2O







ML

NV=3=





M4/P?8/O\^A8^1

XJX[$X&?4!

S6
]O_!M=0=.V?[W#LZ 

]TD.2Z

M/9.+2I1+#;I

7*A?%Y'4*8

G





MUS[N)P

MUV7V^XNSAS+WUTXJ*]SX +$
J CXK.+
J=9O*B QN::_8#O%#QD^A7#)VB0;

(=*'6Q?J:/
DND.$ B1T7%#ZQK6S6=&2 7-[;G('S@38!
ML4TD +
%%3NDV$7@TX-IC.FVSN$^BR R'2F:=T3ZC4!XL1C0J\+:X9W;8*M
MM.3F4E.YBE 'I?$#I6$OC30
/=N7@U0
 LBW2D)85PK.?1-^0I2-IR.UR 
X
M+N

MBSB%$P.4QP0?
GD@7?490/*

N4JU&2B'(.8&AWP9
 -FC)9


M.APL0@WH05E:ACY=
1\A5R]U%R4V)198ZE)%+Y.?IQ8A)M^%$=





)#

+YWUOX^4&'I
M9H$



S


O*%3C^QT(']7
M7_6%MQ@O0#
$]?B6O?_69BIJB(2H_KSI/UHSID=+-;5?X-%@9C3'7;:RL

M.\KG4B+E?0#EF'U&'_




1^%L5Q

!*$G[\-W#C^;^M&MO9G;O4L@D%(;'U6;&E+^-XM

M68%$.)R])5WQ4&E(?_S!WL8&
[;3A9:N?


H0+/+J:^:

ZU#G)6; AR4B$AW






550
M%^H*H@OQC&#Q-9YBV&;26Y+$'F]S)/)6E0BY.%(^2'N R5X2Q;/M75HB+$

M%OVH3G&/Y7
2@0SXJCU0


M7]T--;IH#Q!^/'N7G:.X&8M'AP/^0VQ+4YUY8 _&O;8AW-RM;:2^L.IFIDR!
M3(^+6T
)$B6KSCSWQ]N
.Q*^B;9!75FHC@OKICHIHV*OCO[1U(V@5\]&@RT?








MG
=%3P/




[K[#E


H


MJ^Q!J]5!G

M:+O5VF_1185H&DC2#M*.-%L#MR:+CYP?ZW2'_+O3&[DU].O\[)[!3 R
1Z
M:Y
:


MJ5V2&0%FO1E]C!I]1W?4.
8'T1\V1L-VO$

MQDEE-=4]F8S:QAQU

A.\SG0VYI*]6@M
?6*OQ8[4;33Z-6QR5#M,##H5UQKW]#$5B@& 8D./
MKDYCF# XI?P:@(([54B!'A'HU[O.L(+<@'JT5)EHSRJKU\8='%X7]G:P*!=


:&O4:6$LK)


M].BLJ&$L*RH%M1SL=4XW&5SD;#YTI8 R%3\.88[@T'3
2AZ';W@P*-P1FV8M






U6F?EZSJ
M[







V].V
?IEN_)I/ZN'G?-5MQWW$(4'\B6%.
OXDGV%MWTAVAA AH]Z( 9C0C]QJZ-NK_ON,W^=
MXL_@XNR),A_LIZ0ZO#=2[9-J8K+M4K55K^VT:G'$77MH.M,C.^Y O46^6


0H#$/:C6&OU
DKH@_-4%(TS
\\

!G&L$#%@\L6H&*H$]W0

XF.C@HC2B^[.-5M]@8W.
M;&M!/UMXAJOSL*?-5)?W/-.$[D)9LFWP-)

R'VWAN&1Y]JR:'$
T6P?R

M1TWE+IQ. *?

3'-6&'C:#9M



U/**
-707WU$'*GIO%C03@\Y
#DKW

M:5M/MKKX !]B 9*#KCM:RX(+#)?ST4)$'6!#:!&2.IW:'O%#U.%YQ;A8?Y5^
M=04O N5S?:EC%3\.U@5?4 J#I;/YPL:*5D%ZL+/P=]9TZMD.%EWI6#CESMF4


MD#!HJ2-G%;PFF6D'+


!N_5I_/*(BAA0YAKY_=
-DV7#KVEG@ EK
M;;XF0PDEJ&ZGN-_B*2#F,!:79C4_4A5N^@;2-P'N:$N @W4
AM;
OR!+CF




M3XJMKW5I%FB&(W)H8@9BWY2!-:@=]X$;\-802?M4'@ZW*]2NDT'W#(/NV0[T



\-X2


MXK!]JER[@F@0;\20%1H

M3M]I]


MZ'-TK^1\]%N8

2B%*P]0PJ]$YR
KF80LA=$4G\3
MVL,C:$.B1K(-E/?89.2#LK3L< .3::J



M(1'CA(5 Y7$ESY+T]K!BE0 UP)4T6L6AR%*(.M')6LDL2I^0FD(&FL+LG%
MEKMB[H(E':TD-8:TE/W=!]\X@%Z1FD
: F\W6J-\25SR_9RPXTA=(0UV#.)Y

8-$6H25PXC\
MO 3M\ZPEOL2( C#B6(&_R/*]3#FTEP@#=)PH2ZBY*I5:Z!3V&.566M#N(4

('=FB+JGAY336ILXDKK($P%H:P'9)3 ?5

MD#Y@U(M%^F)$%SN+-U\XC%:0RD7&=$]!'/(^7MA$TXOU69SWI7I14Z3)

=P%M0U7

M'!A*VUTX/*Q30XV3V&2UV5Z=3N(D-BG13923.(E-RIY(@MVPV1
I&=?:G688
MVZB:^K&EFYOXUVRU6NU-OP*]+GSPL7-O./#RV7'8E]6]

M'G-OS!GU7S/ZWY9&30M

9T0^
BPY2KV
107:+!*A3+LY6'J_N[
M ]^JQ%&SH/WJD0&8M


-0MM#.





MTQ
UPM
MR?A5=S;C]$O/)N% ?2^(TY]U=@?JFX/XY.A?C@S4%\3(RSY=EC8C\NEVF_W!
MEM,5HX!2<N'H5$< %H5^:/!;
^<SR-W6K-F#.X3$ ,-?(B0(YY#PSH
M/?:/?P;]TN#?/B7XTW%I2:&7K#7$8S9U

44#

MD



M7I@#9)D@D-P!9T=*5W*UD



M:+Q6








^Z

M^_&2CUI0LY32N=%\5])\/C0_M\GN61.947TK7O9=ZJ7]'P /?
MSRY&)4^HRJL%.4LAGAO1]R71YT/T^G
Q

&RG__
MUZC3[GQ2.JWN@7TA)9GO('




I&I?.-/T8ESP5Y6]F#)+&
 %+BY@Z:P+CH'@Z;7CX$FFD74H)R
MR12#V4'BRE2E+6:H[.ZT/HVG4]O#SIU95N&P6_!3O1:D =#+VU_4BSVA O+
MI

C'W2^8Q[9W'A)W:+)/^



Y*NVP@F_3!#ZC[J^H;E%-6_N5=:0N3[



/:B&X)#F0=YA!?55(;
9F4I)LB.EX]\3
MQSF
&0!\23$55)W&L-S
K9


MB


D9TVMT.Z4X8Z1:?;@6T 4M0+

MQ9EJ=+)W5#O4J4_6]HBNU
 U-C=T9_*Y8I%EM9 Z//^NRX_+=C[HT%A/YK



(9-=]G&%(HCA-




L


MRX/_U^;\# %J1J]


M[6N5N0N'B*+K!0#1Q=0S5;.6+J:AC1]^1 H



S(C-C9AO?88$P9
M3Z?(@S%IXLZV3/A]2OTREECEVNE'?1CYGUV'P!.-+J^<;MEZ%.=.+P%+^W
MBSB.OA;5@


-RTI\WAN?C],7A,+G
M\RJ._\M4:5!2Z OYUP)SZ2^B2*M5RY%3V&/YE<#'&*$U.HA3V*/8R;=QZ=K


K*94[=1S=FY67E:EE

MVO3V/HE-BJU#G]))G
0FQ4:W(D6';!4J;ZA&]\1-P[GRS0OKWI5Z*GM*Y]+&



'#.5_/6.E
MP/N'RHOJ*-8+[9.$5]@@9A;4.X@=Q13+LY4OEFK3^;&7(&6FKF4[#=H#'#YY


MMCL'@1@]

1 SD.L
B.

M?$3L/\<.^+(3;=4ZT8K849H(WE%:=H:7=SIN/IT+#O#2SJ6=%Q].AZ)2



5L
MT/ U*5W$![8M_0^Q+4UUY@A4&F:(96%F!^Q2VYI+Q$E

M=%N( D.&#I2GC+)J?]P=M
HLP2TM*9IK#&)B8YT2.$]BD^5GJ4IT.Z%-2G03

M]-2^K$+G.';NB(U4!D1^._O=MAR'7G1\DFS-\I8?(TFM+*'3\1:P
'BHHS@(


.#'BB7NEI*+FP8=
MN94 CS+4I0

M.:A9
TS'=OD3;OVQ\DD-

M
=1(:*1:-&IDG44G42

M@MY1*.*


U#H*
MT#HH_



M_C-[/OB8=C/A?K]

3#%#[%0Q4?H%



MKF0@;LIQ.IOC=

[)&.3/WV)KOBECR[I%[EON^Y!]]\3?

<KTR-':8U8_\*(A$K4




U6[_1JUM:\T^ES
@1\0
M[=&ZL!P7/K]Z71+3V42GK4TEQ4*K3JM&+8P+1:LW+=
DM#LZ\8S]5-@_[X]!
MX[7;J9J8VQZ
8IC[85^!ESRG
F\$/2P-5%2!*2A^=


VRTNOD.P)7T(#0]






M_%P0/^LM5KF54P6H+$&Z9-+)J5H45/6
)=F246SA(.
!%;?S2FM
55E77B[!
MV%(L0O$:? C(_
1

B\YTS*
PN

15GGV45U0?YV7


M5&N\S=*W5

MZHRS-U$Y'C?N%*X&?+W=*%-P3R%X&7)Y&C6.[))HJ MH51T$'A?6X)067



Q@+12*W2

HF)%3_/Q5G5'%&U


M(]%39V ^NW-



M#
\TTY7<W2K
M+1..


TV?&



N%?_Z0-)$E*_


]3
&.]/1U
PAX.V@<!L*<17BE@QQ'\:FJ_!6
MX6W9\/;25Q_K!!W

^MR%P^N.@VNKBF:S

F2'#/DJF
 9NK660H:2($.NRN67

M]VF]2JV]4X)62/$1I


MR:O0(4MT




-T#0^Q
MRJ)8


)IKI*+9+7:QO3M[]?G7_6










#OJRA)14#KKMXX9KNE
MT6YN'RY(O99JJ!!BW&Y7EN[QL*.^)#N&P:_]^_\
3K_?_UHA-[?W#[^1L_[]


M


[SHS9B1&!BTV

M] %(/U\4$\:HGC #
1P2%AX^%3$\;$;[('!9Z5$0B=W\45N@R7Z/$Y#=
HC2Z,9P
M<5P@(,01]!T 'F9:W


M?3$2SAXMGZ\/.8)I!YP##AD)/#$%LCHF^

3T&8)!T+%@LY2S+$'=(9+( 9\=






CTO8$+.6 V
M^/!FVGXC) G(CK*8X+\L3



MS) !YF'ZC/5



PPB;


\P!H\BY1*(
X=MU#[_4_I@R2F/
ML7'O+88*(Q00OB+ +X%7E[=XV(B:&.
;TVACB:9Z+6$E55;$$N'SCE 
S4SX


MH+X^8XK-V D\=N9@;H)'KJ_O*CS]!LAOROC5
91JIN=S=6H: '?34:Z&]OC(
+O2[%%K-;=1<\B+1C_
=VB![#
M:'6Z$]PGS#8&#3S
*)3Y(S)=)
Q.8_
MLT

M)C3X&;'
'ZA_8NKO_ N5]7A'^?U*65+*M0EB+)160DI?S+/FR#NR]Q1RN[I6
M93C
B[+*
6-Q+--T5W K.2));G76Q*/%4Q=3:WU\VV ^SHD1;N:ZF'S!LP(P



MRM?&K&#

IX&(18L
.IP88&\ER
64*09SC
?C($^KV-$:


MH4_$8X7





+[]^(HWU/U2A83NA[.6G[D!3:G#N2I3EY


#:_NLF@59R)!9FX9W'L#[-J9
6GBQ[SD$=B\






1N4DDCO/;



?



YF_ <[G3$I:3NZ:IYT4(A[HV=YRBU
M^'VDA=$DBJ-1[SO*CE\-C<.KL*%%NA.,Y;='PP5$#&<)2R1=DT3/N$H\ROS

 -IA\=DI[BZU=T.

)BR4H
M6\AV3(WC51AMRGOT
4XKALB U6*W6VZXZ\RRIM3 &@J\I#_^+0?F?Z?8$9]






M6'#IA!F/U#TQJ$]/NMV:IG5.:O ?\;'6PL]:[43ZD1M5_\7'Y!19*08SWLV1

M(L'I*G3?*$!'!G&;&


6[\
M3:L53O65S)ZK9K6:-::\+'3:)[HW7JCWF$O3UKMN=$2JL9#OK5&=ODM$H&



TZN.3.6D

MB5'7.MU6'8Q
K:8E4T!$_

C  OXCZ
]U$%1I1

MQ-[; V+OU.J=9J=Y8C3JC7JK)93L.6(/R7)%
GR']B1R @&*3Q\F.*UP!-=3



M(=$\(S5U&]F#*M]0Y1MFD&_8424.589AZ3(

V;=IIPISM




MA*GLCRPK$ !_26U9=@V:*B:@K)BHUD]8*RLOK'69G6)=^K@^I9-8UO6J-5
M$^AD.%-4^9=B9J_65IA9 


#WMP]ELQ#ON!OCBV

M7Q?V]
;YIFF?V4;
%L^-4<'<9%_D

MP!9CB3X/









MIKO
IRZO9WEX.!NU)4U(S%=@4Q)324PE






$%     @

P
#$U9&5X
C$N:'1MY591;YLP$'ZO

MBGJ5.6O-
EPDE*FYT8W%WUHQA$7@F=;:,F94$OZ3 Q]-U[BC*8;(Z09*6%
M'L'G&99?&GKN]62@%#19R4^9%C)OD?.THA$5T-/!U&Z1J4E4FU7Q':.A]SZ0

OYI4D=BA7550U0Q\U+W;+



M#^LXO7NDY638RKL;K8&J8Z[6EV1]$.1)2&*QC-M06_ ]1PFZL8( YG+]NB#E

M4$L#!!0    ( V$U%]#&GG4 (  &H%   0    9#DS





6]MJ00Y\
MB$3_7-#MO%

/



M0Y%U&*[AG:&]QB-W//2)% +_:E4Q+MCOPN^2L,WA^2LTL*EA\_TO )QN;5G
M[;K$P^.._0502P,$%     @ +8(349)$K 6V!P  L@  !$   !D.3
P
#$U
M9&5X


7M9!);JW.7
RX#$8HX5G7F@4Y$
ML*I6DCE/VMN.%)W\A'ULK<HCIVK=-W)JX@O;.&G=S4:Y$U=W8[[@W$#H3+J




M#T_AOQR

MT74EN!3KU8+G2X8C&BCAA#3 K#@C
9&
U6W\@Z7U#+=;)(0S1 &BC$JNW/

MFQ]:[WZZ

X5)FZ



6 ]W




ME=#S)*R32O-X:O:O0FIILCPOLGP%2JL06
*PMA;+1,YV(4I9BSA7#I8:
M0FXIE2FP L7U+)#22X$Q#YTQ*A0^3ZRG4UQ2P;6@$0BG$VWXEM12:DB[V5W-

M2(J^+\6FKYYB>T>-1TQ[IF:U4@0

NHIBI-GO9@GZC*U]9

M8TZ4*&W6ZLP68(M1))($X.DX.54H_^BU+] ]V\81
@FCDJ&HA_\I


M4DI.^5NM9'

M=PCI



MRHHT##-_ECL C9X ^E8P]VZZ1O&;GY9M)I(B-M._9+IYE=(W3(;M*50RRT


\%#-Y60LA2&RMSEUN%G$]

MC8;O;BYK6LSFV%7GM^[@\UQ




MGS$SR2H$=LEJ
9]!8ZJ!?VH(:80/;;Y0PL\

MD!3]O$KYU4:E\HRRS4ED7[NT%VS+IR&;\P4P#0L!2_!9


N$FB8F'O0EFJI.?K=.FW\H]
DJRY3 ?N@YI)=G50K


M=HQ7*YL6$CPPANL5V43\$U@TKALU6.:C-]AG2 &!.B$#3V@OC=!
8G5TQ0?-

M59Z'Q_!?CD4' GR1 *__EPA NZ)$A!%8T35$?UHCJ]UZ;V0N),BM 6V(Z07
MIK2%(FI+\*E7*P$7.ERQ&%%'C$FA6'!F0R
9JMO9)TOJ.4Z6:0A&B -%&+5



0OHS!0(J(C!@WV

Z)FM5($',LXM@?AD*4+7 CLE1LE.85J;I#ED1
MN;CV<Z C]02?BE D*]*,N^(<\=YRPJ+=,7;#M)1I647P.1M1G.H8Z6:LQO4\
MI7WK@,VY9B!1NH;(.GP#,=&93%(ZYT+=$

M+9YP!T& 9%8(&+,CL0FEZ][ASWN)7JY RS3
*:&&Z




P^!+*#S)3KZ\@0@9#-EM4[M
21<B%A= ND7B5+E/HSH+*1#%H5H!OEW.E0LB?(-9R 22='3)

MSY#W!B%=IL(WY5B7KE(YOG2S'_U-

S P
35D
M97@S

M4B@E\GHK%5RU2_8W'9A/ZY3D+-L.(I;3$F;T'A8B)QC)GOI7LY$AV6J-H:S;


M&Y+!@A9*A IW(@UAPDJ2GC*,E84XH@ORV)X1/)B*'@+?!YW(%C???1&_/T

T7;94%B.N#B7I(\]=K?[ZV@JI
MIT)6@%)6Q@AH2XD$RA.:P
V&TQI#_ZR%:O5[0$JTR_#LD4=(XXUDBB%IPA/P



MPR3-L7-*#?P[FN;)



M78^

@_^!E!+ P04      M@A-1P:-L


648+
M6- '\$5&
)



'SZ.:IZUBY$DB46ND.;^

F-ZCI,8X&SDAUN/<*8)FB7&V EIS
M1X\3)M
MY.@13;.EUTF:(@:\

ME:3D:YMQ?64
R=^Q?3&)JT=XU0J*SQXSVNKZ=60L94/D\]0B%2!/*N5_W\

]F-WF


B^;U^/W-


MWFH.LF$A3V8R.C8J/JW'YHRYZXDR1H7VUE1%YEC+_XG3QOIZRD
9K$['
A2:
MW8HE&ZJ0PTJMF][5[7DED;


1&W?;=
ML#?N=4=?LO%[^JI@XK![U1N-N\-NAPWNAJ.[UNV8C?MH%UG=.
D

'TDF!=P30MIX:6)-!*
2
1
:O-\%D*QB?ETDAX
M1JK(F7&XW'FT?J=[KTWY]%



MJHB-C/(^55G

M;JI\ZMU)^_Q@MS5YG4+%)FQS_DB^*F:@S1LI^-?@Q8QF#!5 6!6LIHQGRA
MO43&&#*TF3.=AK#BBO'(9[X2=AMQFL0J



&]


N*\@1YRWD<!_!T$@#@$[60&CRN71:72QT!

'D?[F.[ UTG
K-7.5P'C8





MET&^I@FGC-
MEM]D8KFT;_9&G2;76[/OO/WXHK%_2)SE$M'MXZ WC2J7O#1
 Q #^$ 4&/7
M:BF %Y#E @$%8;D%O(,(LSC9:Y,S!89,4K.VT '-R3MKYZ$BL0 
=*6!*
M5+H?E6EQ)&$IR/^PKYB88;\LLN7D-A[*'D96; 363DS2#9I!ODC%U8.[X'
M# .UIEE-3CYQ





+WL]#Z ?UU3
MO5QB]&\SAL/C*A;01;ACJOQ5LQGXG@!XY/QQ

X'Y[)1TPB




M(SDUD

?V56@

M &]^$FIAE6JY5)@K5-2AF((Q:689:3LJQ1GH8#)$CK)*)!#(!; Y'MODSQ






MV\345.4QDCBG3PC%0U7MRS#]

M:UBN5$!/]P7*Q



S P
35G-3=N
M
3$N:G!G[+L'5%-?MR^ZZ0@B4@2D=Y BTGM3JH@TJ0$B(-(



V'6KI: 


M[&^B_]%TV4M0  $) 1_2\ _)X*K5Y0DI%?HZ D (@(_B7]3X4W 4**WC$
M10DQ

M*!@8F6XS\_$+-X1DI*6D9635WB@H:FEK:/[T.2)J9FYA:65PS/'YT[.+JZO
MO'U\_:#^ 1%O(J.B8V+CTMZ^2\_(?/\AJ[HN.13:5EY14-C4W
+['-K6W=/
M;U__P.#0\.34]

3W)]3FBO(A'\U'ME?

M@Q6:

K7&Z&4QY+4AVU8
2Q[WR0L!R:G\8;+
MPT!0
M:)JBJ*-C^(*%70 %CKT$:/9^&Y %*6



\K%9

M7[.7*@27@/F549QQP(TN@1(C0[+@_PTP_DF=U&&A




( !11^IB5]0Z
!F=KR!5058M. =L


M_&[+;

]E2Z7#^5UN0[



MH\SDI6A(W/2/'9W

5P[S47NK.):/O7'@]#5(E7*9M '
M[X



=5


12A%4




ME-QYR04CGK


M



M/__L:?T==D!_($U))2-7

#T?*?IA6.KQYO[^X



M8&$PKK3 S9:/E@4:Q+/JFSV@PI]U4FB!R$0Y'UCU;V5O4 9 H@+J\JF9.9KF
M]NRP$'AG&+@A X:RH0@ZSQOH;)(I(0O;
Y-0]?&ACN#VE[9Y./DHVAR6DO-Y
M. &?3\W1J+WGCY4]Z611=1/#:1QM8=SQMS&
W6N:]2S1WUH08G/S/F[V14*J

Z%
#33%)M1RD/4O_N
M[AC7;SB:]F^[L?DE4E
2!M\_W5L-ZMD4H+[=K::^1K4RRP[?PDTUHAZ]T]5
MV9W=H2+(U)@JC7@$%U+;1'\S?DGTC.)8T.D/@I&:5?2Z0Z202YDLA7&YKF^)

)JZ=#$V)VK2K-U#SA6*2^W?X)*&KG%WX)AHB)XD]W<YQAV.H87EUG.
M8&)_6US(^YLTH%^]ELXKUSVMST!6J6KU0[]EP!0K:2+@CBML<-J@LCJ
3]B
!T#A!+$E.B81X!@1I'^LM/5[VF7;2 ZO\
M<P@Z1ST_H(][77+Q#4SNW<G\(-7;\YH11M['Y/YYYN+IA&:S9J1X.N^;'.
M9;WATO 3.TXYD-#IO_]8A\P%,^KQU@KL.V%- A!R&/EVK+ZE]WTY/D9C?;=
M MWBLV.YXB=L_74NL/G4.O^A:)]Y/Y5'EZ?*L[]J?[^+AH9 Y.M7-5/#:[PI



)[D;
M=M\) K_4*/+J+X'^VO@&T8
]U;


MEV1(4[(HR
S?


E@8ETO:E#S$R5U?_1B,@NC++VK

MQAY5JCGS+X^\I
MN

IJ98N+P8@#*/::ORZC+!=6CBARO;,
M66A,_'R@1BC15EDDS/XS)'K7?EM
V






KJ



$.W'5'S3M&'T\'B6BO6DZ2L?L<'&EP&YTG]B['*X

M/A7F?6]P71:9E5;



L+ $8-Q'!&X (5:'


!K<BYX0N_7LL$IJ9W[G1=S9AU3&%C.%<.=T9-^F_)0T[G#
M;&7NU;14HDD?EY* F]\J3H2S


553B#DR$Q6$

E#VZGQ5T?XX_XZ











!LXX[



1XE]J1F6J?CO^XUJV?T7[
WI#8&$X8IU#*ZGFY&%RQNL[-AOBZ+SMA#


M7,ROV%_-?8P1[7 .$M3V;G57S@L=/JO8L356$(4)H)JS0=.%[#(4ZK ['K



SKMP
M4W0H3L_G2889!'PF-*4M1B<OK@$1Z?2EN,OH9]:O#_@CVLLNQJUJH/Y$PN
MY&;Q2@(!J\/I$?87BP 




ENG
M4Q[
[FLKZ




M== #W-O04XLKU?N
E70153KU;?6CF?R6TC+1+R7GZ
(U&?G5]\P]*&;NVZ]B
ML;1YDBK&YB;;GYG++'.\$%\;Q7ZKT3=M.9&)G[+2U#\M(W^:((5$8




F=/3;'DBIS9

=UO4AGZMN]2^#7E[6
M?*47]]9'JMN[16O6;@@E6MB'3V@)_?&Q!.T1=**HY[GU
45*JT'C)
%.F(E



MMA9-S=.SOQ_DU\.SU]\5LM8-T$

]PUN7
M )&MS&O04$PW
Z_I89'@;1YP.H'FAJ$W$1!@=!5

MC%I;&'U/W7/L/$

3S@!AF++[V,.;/WV1_$6O9)KJMSQ=,N<HN;R3$V;0: /
M!_?QU:+#!R[B71+2@)



MVY*)U


M


.BUUC(^IF0.Z7WT@L&JIQE3DF,IHN=7S2
MTDS7]L&








MQP&+6


\SY3
*




MKC]


V[NL@-T[]4H&?S
+^WLI._2J

M.1M*M8VX-7=7JF6JZ7A6KE[5&)!-TNQK]GIKG86)UOM-?9G4A/T(Z]CXMI





GZ-.


'I 1I



M;4 -PF5KP







MO&C%?
M@\:_#?-J?*XV=\=XK5:E\;MP:=+7L@FJ3L*=E-BWBS?3X=;=;A3
MW^8X*IY'C9^GD6NZ$WM/+1EF!PQ@+5/5/
L9$[W5==FD V

MT%@_




MH+9+$YL\Q/UZ9M976Q U'S?YRMTYQ; BCQ30UX^X-;4XLZAMO9UK7)@FVWNM










MJ!=

:TY6EW<





J4:4=;_6HRY80LYTL[E3?MJB1













^=:+/63P'Q:A$
MSK(]SN1A^M
WT3\V\MAB:M

 G4X0&F)I.YOW#D
MP92HU



7:*$[3NYO/WKFZPH@+



M3MO=2$QFMPH/9J[?(#J/'BZ
RNQV7NFVI?V



M-OLDLCQ+Z:K:SLQDKBD_3_*)UXWXWA/L[WFKM:UY*$INI/O-GLG3[UN(VPMZ
_'))R,E)
M_@P7T/FT29B\ .33_U.2?[

X@6RQ%NCZWNQ/.G:JO45FYE7+ :D+K!$
*M


M:C$I)OJ;2OA)0\NT]\*9+@
(-


MG*)/KC(!B#R7\JU?UW8]\I

MFR/!G[;JVY]%^%=NR[29Y5%S](G^WFAZL*RNQOCO&(;@XK:
KY^53WIOMV*.






@70[(-@QZQ[P/'\9CH*!$?&C\

M9G.GB6/S5!$.1PNHDYX=#@*\&


MGQ$1WE9A@

6O_\-3_[MUB
M26L#Y:7SWCFZ4=ZJKV.\5;K*SD16_P
_4 ^')H#9FR^!J
ZFO#B?9.:=$
FI

'HFM\A(73IZ5/





E1)

*[=#R7&OHVLJ41_: 9'=5+7.C6-/YOSL?2YU8:US7PI=JS)-[/1
M;8O(_G_:^])P*/_W[1&M3+;L


MZSROZ_.Y[B-/LP;-[@GJ1R:TBT^LAP *6^4S2-$%7BI

M
O.]4XL'\N\EVU4*H8
M5Q) LX%LBQ6E@A[<'=W0$MY&INZ'/@XX6JC\JQK.HU.5\FU-
K
8%TXYC3^

M/2FMRY
G2?Y@_8(!EM1'2

M[5

'[TN =VD4./YFQ0W#42 2\$=$ X GK-4

EWM!X@
\;DV_9%M
M6?0.2+#]3G\L?99ZHYZ8-VR-C=_6&EC&F[*2]/DEBV/'+HY5JA(HROJEF.)T
MNLSFVVE'5^


MIG6_55S'E

MM\4N/_SD%&\3Y?0BO:]'
=TJ%!3X/PW57X2E.!9! F?+O)OJQ]3/^;AWU% !

MCBC([.L91 KAL9R'?[JD/:E@?I9K:0'WPAC
IU^ JS[

MAVD^8S8Z=U0;S

M

MH
FUVN#4X=#_9OK/5A
$EL1C
J0:)]+=[\AQB.

T
!]=!J!RG*4L3'9
M2SV)4(@;LQ1O@YIZ'&DECA=PW.VW!D^^*BE]TWM6N#L8)YZ95/KO[+\SW;
M2MS;*;_?D:8

 D*'8N2I_5T32*H(EP'SG;E


ME.H




W@Z(

'1 SS?S]7GCHQ:JC[W)4=<'#96!HH\=R ;#<G;8C -5_2@N^!T#

MKM+LH$H%B+AW9F9FA *IGG.WFI5TH%J9W'2Z$79'0.3#1=!&T?_(G\X1J#HS
MUWD1.=\F.T#4_T[

7U.WT[?J!






M%C]GAS7_*1C=H_8F?1QAEAV?(KDT(]'+20L2/_#Z\4$CIH(=Y'042%$Z(J]^

(K_F?_11]BZJN;X.M#


AZ:*
MG=YU

(4.W
7K
/%WI
)&






M66KV:?FJ^HY9U2'*^5%G%JN
W^QA?1YGK1 H\^FAK?6Q\M/'KESXY]3:;\$
M0 [#FJJB5S:MUK63U$0](NO+CN@NZCU#(CW6U_I
$(=!9*K ;K#\ \;V%?Y


MT-8J;8R
WX.+(@C MG
=I6F?)S.@ZM[4A)B(7UH-U^-[2[YHI_;#K/*9Q?VR
M3WP5_S_=F@V)Z./

.+LXMN$?]5?I]'4+67Z+AO1?]-O2Z+!B$M'(
MC[=F;_KE7JI']$7I#=_


3(9TQ.@.2(*KRFJ-I#1;+3IQ)KJE?5-+

/^ZZ\@'5#DKO;#_YK;)'


M]]X.J.# UNOVE3]Q


M:-:;V^NRUO2])@R!;C)_1/_T:?Q
492!0V=[8S554!A(O=:*W0-8#C
G=[V^
MJ!];X=Y(H 

MB$XC^1BX'R[Z5+I#LN\: 8Q3Z!G$ZY%ID*OUHL[]VNUZ#7Z%];)33E)^_X[V


M K?POZLPXK#:7JQMLS$R6\/[/(8UC/1]W0-'@L*4W&&VP0H5&3VEQ6'$

9'+%OG /N2H]VK. Y=C(1M
M$0Z:JXL4QZ6 '3IAXC!WB Z^UN$^MC:^(F))X.B0\4//)%47I0%74G4+5


,#93F8:,KT5EM*I SC580M


#





MT3Q


0WWQXSMT $$.NU/
M7EU):([KRK6XQ!%












7&YRJ R+C]
0+0@0[!!^TBR_S
MG9__\['H!+5:Q
41:/T^K*J$Z$-8#9#UBY'(2VCWYO4?-\PZ&^]=U
!;[8#V



M!E %N.+N;?FQ@$K;Z3\]&*Q-S0C6.2RL#T%AR%9 #5Y[B^9##/HR$A3&+^^
M*/QBKPX_G9&@PJ1Q[NN)+C+

&$ODX 



F


7$D*I

\9U+YAR






:P.JZO$:*)N-UDK



RMO^OV?'<A0]Z@_M&

M*,QSEI*5RN5Z6

+85I1*C=5=EXBXPJ[*/+/D
MKY67Y Y^9GM3VU_SAQ)8
TJ$)PCS:OJ6'X+%^?(IT-A!*C[ON-_-6O_@[RZO
M&Q-7/*K^''&75#$^65!3=3D%TL

Y1W-^)$U

ZX)Z7V/VQ6.A!

ML:V.Q(
 _1+C4L0D3M!


?#YM6KBQ

'*AN8@X'2F,G%</+GM#DAZC(- Y,%Y&
M@Q^R JW\%!/B?_1J20G+=O;,FSW@O_+W'YEN9#VA8Y- W[62#ZUBI<Z5=C#

SR=A_.Z@








MSHY0JYDMN8F+G)2*V@\1@U)KJG)#=/H5#XW75(%3
NG4+]JZFXSQX&FM[00F

_
KFSEL)^*X[/R+9

MC.#$KT9W^:X^4;1(*;/2])&1)?[OQI-
MED*UW8X@
Y#H ].?

R=M^AFC$\=
,I?0GD7L?S8<8?UR#HQ9^.UQY6
;\& 7SA&D8$#1-<4PT+#[7Q]UY+Z5/
Y+]F3N I'+XG0Q\VN
MR6KE_E@!TO4Y6E#=54[LW0^*.?NHH9Z+_6Q]LV'F\!D\KX?JK;&&%=$KOD2D



VT&W]VY<\ON^;/'8O)/+LT<X<EY7L%B?+G
MR



Y!E'/E6+QBZR#R








M.-V&D@ M]N^)XW

M5?6'J\M^UN&UG_-VHVNH7,JS7.N9


H_F4__X0^0_FI
MQN9KC3;=LWK&*P3?#;/C4\6;Y[G@4?*U//4V(/(6?34X5/P527PCK]W= \L]




&O@[^\9VK%H54]C\


#(P


^S+1C
MDU7%^A5?Q6+Q#_^Q6;G6

$]65&Q)C;]?!1S8RL:


M^/.





7?#= DBA.3^86_@J8NJ2?8


MJ3$X BU+$AN@*-1QG;FLN(X!I+

M5!IA+0NK':8J(U_*E&S283?]PJ#(G_5A5SID9*7#
M5..%OUJQ0*[V862%?0 N



M



;?N84)2[

MVW#F:%D)

MWI*$+$7IP!V!3^%


M$_^IQ)$7[.!9)%=]_Q@2R:D[PC_1O$+ '+L/$-_9 +^B@=S@2?/W*'.C?=$
M73?S0V53:LG 8$FUXQ1&5B*(M)


M6A)H_20


(NC3#K':.1'
1E-@;@BUK@CWX%OQ0+FL6=FJ7H6M
MP=PTQV2YN2GQK%@^*Q+0RDB(V\YI256E+*R$(C.2TEJ 621C0&6]PS
X6K

7TL5PJ9F_$*X(ZXVMAO&N*:^ZM(X5+BR;RM(7;/TV%FO.UPE09





8F6'$VX$38[LR2HGU
M-/7S8!6 6:NB 4K-SY9*6/.LF@I! -?&Q@'('&8@]F!YI6O9HGM'0E#O\6
MC8[5JQE --V7P@](7(


M6\D




ZA*T& 
FGNJCC'$O&4HA0I+C=CCKPFEP[8*
MPU
754ZNZ]8S8*QYK\RO9PS+NO*



L50;/


M
R4LE& PC+3KS2GGF MB4Q9&5[N6 6#-=;



MMZ@R;&#+#-9XP]C.V#/.P%[4@8X-73:I7!FSFKD&6MB)VE^ U EZ(T]0/L

MR/2L7S6

M9=;R*


M9

M%1\%*


]











[N:)G9KM0$G

MY







5W3-.PQST/!/K$5UB#]=B3JHG1
MQ.34

8(*

^1LIH)EP;2U X![\VO5?8GX9;X'0Z@A7FM?
M0?0:^??0:H,H]5MH2)<N6-;9GVVL:(P]5NITBZ)3%*G-QW-:PC4P!E2E*CJ


MUY(Y)1?R-#]PM[\2FZ2GRFB$ZZA*UT?*506IW\;[$.UZ

A'; *:KW?H ?@TG8
V% C0'ZB(4@;_QVDV-J5(

2%Q;=#[Z0-Q3NF
=6X:KJ$-IR@*DH2X/9

8[U:4EXKV%)^YC7!_$WBJ$]U!D_4PY#
MOGHLZ($S&QT#&5[QVT&PC
$)!2?\G:E)M,ULNWD:Q!1['M2ZM^I5KA3-D*

%Q@WU

)0OK-V5G*^]L& +D7K$R#8
M6OV5!M(VP-R[B(PL7RV7B5!OCK%E.%Z%MO(D I/($\;^C+2:' TVMC K1WZ
M/(?

M4A)DLUH3QK%HGZOR6N(T. /9V%2(*'I[_$R8&Y]9]C+GF9EW-MO%KK1;GWA9

H+/]H0/**:\0\/FG CQNNURVS=C?1*BGD%J3O3




W169T@T1








M]KD^V


F!GN9JYT8%GCEXHXN60-B[U<?6DG7Q=;#
_.YI'&?'

5RPO=T5:F ?Y

MBA-:7ZH8RC=IE4F(QA
RWL)3=_1VTI@_41?3U
N;KE#Z 53IM)VI*[].4UNN

ZW;BC A7&Y RRI7%


D^G1








K/89L0KL[7?DLY45K+:G.!D_A7C&:6D'_/WTZ+6!
M-A./KRB!B3B. ^Q/V*HL!J7;3CC;U?%^S





MQ N#!LRUB*7JIQ3TB9]971Z8;TQ@DO'E\/3PX)5[=?B/VV9BH]\U( :KA]5A

TP3D=8W;O/N4$;%!M6;Z?BS








MPZ11=B!



MZE+?:(




&77V[.**+ELOJ?3_)K[3)3U%;2\
M73?-A*!G6&WEMQE6;E_=CXY6:?=YTH(AH



MX
WZ79?-+MXS07X6U1]^#E&2'14;95=#^7.3U5'_50QH8MX?:('9M X](0VP



:PW($W;+L:]4
7O)^HKH,4J
MU05$V75EE \\WS



MFT(9+


^CQM'D*;
2PGL =8UX/M(L3


M!=GOG$G!WQV



MV':
3V
9TZ$%E=




M\^4WR@[\K\_GPN0?OZCR

DUJ)7W*J=



&SKG+9
ML.S1(I

L 42=I/J.DYUZE ;DVA /L6)X@Q8\:6!TU6$XF1^


=XY$/[$-0F7J^)$!='!$D7J4V:
U -;:%L*&;00O(ZFRK+HS]YRG%$6('=94)D91%ATZR$J Z3ZF-SBU
M?HTCL-*.D\!&(7]
 HV:R\G$J
E*D#!25<;'K2SJ ;'RO
M('






%JR)LA/K%B3=HXD5L
MLI5]=C8F+)B
.?/K3!)0Y3*'7ED8BEQYZ@;$IF9[L8/B:+IX086L&KF
-
MDL22C25MN^
V*BA2;Q/%VQ2RCD2K';@EY=4^WAJ\BX.ZH$UJ.'@?-N\$(CD[

ME!W5(_F''=CWV.4RF-UY81B_LM7J%&B/TZ=DF3F=PJC]7'W!DRK2/O6*?M


M\!V-S%[&N%ZMF-A%H=#0.2Y V4H T8(I4_KYDJ&^K9*:1PT$#00KMKZSG
M@IK #$&^^8O_B8(LH^U7[:^YGHR!TJ:!S



TXV


M#IF\?;*&#+&3T!C*#;[=48N+R]
@:.V


/V;


Y?9


=YG)S836(H=L#^U1





[

M_OS]^_=?XG&2%7E:E?@#Q2]1/ON


M_^.E**C6#\Z.3LF'_OM5CGO$(YC@@J21;T]WJZ\E
UBBY.T7&$\ ^I1GN!U(

2?/ON 1X4Y3)C&CY6P''


;+/UTG!9A



M


M15RLSBD;OVV&QZ!AFQ L


1M.P RS$N0/N551_Q1['2ZJES80^0^ANM][QE@JC5D'R/
M6!XFL+C+\!+W#Q@1DP039O2)I-6&]^&G[$*S^I.7KMANPRMG0#[45D!E(#T





\+

MBI%CZA
L('J%!5Y[\+Z\7-QEO^
E**^*?IKFWXDC][U07:V98IR*TM9 BT]2


M^Z^;6D%UVW5G


NUC7FQ. BW&N4TQAL3KWD:8N@%W/=5B_W
I
M9C--:C3H

MQ*

P5K-&C7[-#2MF!!G#DN

F [
T=W!Z%9;S1NWF8@;'WE



)O,Y$^W?0!:3
MSQ,/?W?#JYD +E5#( 15,LT35\A6E.$WW4I'2GF59RN%30'S93$EX!.[*
M8 *?I_CD0Z)T2:HIDF3K6T$Z
W$95*3:)2B2B(!(T@K7N@$HP[\E@:VTI@/-
MN1&P@P@E6F9 KS2XCU22?

+^=X#BXN8M2BL\$]ZB?
;8
M66XON^LZ#J3KH-_0^VMW&0:=X:Y




M#

L#8JJ%_AI
M!=VBH-S6VXB;Y67?ZKBI&Z1X=Z9L,/K/6YJXR/PK8193)TV6^)-
9IXVF:

W%/=YCL




2.
M-K'.E
^'(#@

OZVT+#J1(!%08
WGN0RX(B


;)9GX
MYWO) Q^(@ ?W9W$FU
T




3]R7Y3

M]^P9@B+/8'Q7%!77:ZZL

M
@C[-I_)H0C8Z.J@_UB]I$ETF^9 ;LU?*\=$W[?92PQ#P$!71WS2'QXJ07@/



QC[Z7 1@Q%PTI4+?RG88UZ4(/U?
MR5RY!/$J
]$N;TJ_)U^X!EYR?MYLE[
MB+YNL*[4R^DHXL*C



MR.HNH46K_NC
#H)-F=)%9.EVM T\SE$Y8(D7B:/5)!!

O:REZO?E%[_8T6_'
*J9:SN#\CMS3^





MQHV\XLA1-OINQHX&-EO7Y=U:[QM:[4=^DS*[8J]&9N




TXI0EM7
M]ZURJ1_'*ZXT.O5J?[7+'P^;K2O_]H)]'\&Q+GJA_EN5ACUOZ
<71N5?/5R,:-1#9RD5@
M=2FC;PHV.'#MUAN=AC+X+)RY!/!LY3.P$2<XFR74#D?@7N49L:K+
*R2^
$




MU94Q7
^I_AIPI@M+P*(' X]1#!@G)NKPP'/07@.61# $K'@PZPP1W@17:*$U
/??BX1Z:(JCQ895:(KE)0%(
Q
M[53]MT0K


W1=5Z]E.

86O?('%S!Q:
.G^U\8Q'AL#



M0:SE(BGA

U\EK
M$N
YH%A; 

LQQ%
 [D!UB^7]22D+)1#F
(SDDL9H(C


MD!?E!.






RZNOS9@D&8QPWIC?\
]HU-'KK=.'=U6E2'H<AZ,/UBJJXH^
M=_/O^4O1C[@N&1OVZ5/'?EYE) K9IO;2=S S7@
I8F][7V$I#H_]9U8TZ0[






MV5((X01CYGC-RTK$[J$EQ9^7BTN81=

MFZ


;?F=S[


C#EWLSE($.E-@_%]GDWN\9H0
M]XLEL6_P32^S=&W0G:52JL^P^TEFT1;)HW@6CU8.3YDN?Q]R1-W^57)&/G






M([F;S5'^RD);Y8G@S%NB^(Z\1 TYZ\MYG!RY?P.ITF40O6;5)L%&1*O3[ZU
M'WT2.%DQAG:)KE:3Y9Z$^9PCK,1NKUIEI[RM3HPDEV(T1;GZS&LGA1C=H,
ML[^X7ZNV^B:X%

M [GZ]ONGA\D


M1WOIB@\O' 6.VTL_?;B;:=\


MR'76 7J&Z#6)5'.G1FU\YG(33M/)'*H-
!P_H4)DY0C5JH]!.[*#:T^PVM0T

#'_FWB#]7


V1]+*F/C\KJ6$VA[X$8


M+[




MK==T-:U(U
8G8-/&XT1;
P DJ.M_#2$2/I*BJL=D]_+00BMNS
 )B#$ROV@1


WQWEZ^ G+*CWI'AV=^'A*U

E


4=]DV:.Q(&'!@A&R_@\8N04HRCSU/(2SO

8.=B?:%G.E^O59
MVX(53,B7&]Y


MT'M3U^B1T-KLP[+X/MHUQA.G-(/D]:IRJT$E@Q1.=-N:E
M)VXRMK4H
H==;

M^E180GFKB.=$*ZY 
;U-\^]/
I#5[D)GAT<K]B&P(]@
M09-Q:.^[Z@H


M7E#6Q5@=N4KU XIE+.@3QX$53-Y!YQ2&8C-QQ:7*=&+EL0+R40332P2R6/$X
MP6Y1/




M'[


M6

)2SI5LR
M WR0_0O

M=@U?RKL
CXR*#B^-LXF@QNCHW(-A=5
8U:&#4QJ+[69(2(\64AWR.[Y0]OT^
M
&P-#/DY8;?PZ



;D7(&=*LSI#XO7QJ29$F:)3//#0
MAJ=W-T=+QHP;8NB\OD'5A+OF. 4LVDC*
$P@&F2PGY809=1_*B=+5'[4.S[H

AB
&;6SD%5






MUQ5@W'^%$Q((CZ(8%$^X6.4K]I-L%\(EY#*9OT5-T FYMF'6+J;['&3K





P_29X\&^)BQ31/

H
Y

395^X-EX$%)'!Z?R<94<*
MQ5F9*VKS<.D)


MU#;N/-F+L*G#+Q5Q-74QAF+O-J=2*#:N&


A7


=U0





U3 K'@K
Z
MO
B;



M=*D7A^G&M^YVLCN=5_D










M;-I4HN]IMHTVE5.I\2EX9RHMRCDB\^@Y_8E

ME
(8C@\.O







MTI




HF/0_0BC6/:M8
M)VZ6IW8A%$NJC$

J(L4H?E93

F+=_SXF DH&F6Y4!\)<5K2%3)LC<.<6O\NP5
MHI*XZVJ!EF.?" \JNJ



\X/)5%)
MLC/ET9_?
#W%T_





\Y5J_*1%?L(_?87/'N55VN






M


M42W:VE0QS_A(T@:3*[J1J@#KWDI+([# V@*A(1^;%H!?2HP/II0





H0_#(KK=@:LDQ#2_PNH
C8H

7



0W;MG8 ,@,LM^U[-1G0YUBX1O#]3<5W[..1C1:F@&,W8Z))*KYC=1S:IMP_
MCOR;)P%'KSFVW0L?J^-&A7 ^U)'_V)$7T]*1_UB8,E&YT


D!CX;CO


ZJ
=\(




M



JA$L)79PL&^HF
M5%
@FTL)C#K8+('%58605G8




MJ
Z2K^%
Z(N7X/E0OH:SDU 

MYY5O.XN#]8;N'Y15#,8/X+%718A I8W

 O4M+


$&O-\'X8+WK7EZSN9B=BYI]@^U? DNIX&P[9E]MP41RMX)&
M( W&)#P3^KT-[5AUU4?%'^1J?9#A0RZZI$:2G1GE-V5_!H6$4KF+)+F
L^J
LV*6172;FZ3?VU!1RY+IP*R9B);EB:7(P:*I_A!3I-<K#X'.
M4P:Z]E,;8C/^1IJ^EFFY!];.XN:#=8?^6MPS^\)#%QVV7Q
[U;@&4B4-[A
M2_J?23-

H;?









M

M *B(3NC
E_ [2OF9,GB_ZA FHP7&',_BF@:_S+)UC@;@A)NHOD-2D7=]GO



@1(=;/M)@[*NN
MR S%FMHAJP$:4J_!#$P@N7-'9BB\\<5K!A9J@&@LP[^!OP*E:8$_4:8(KP:
IP )_6_2

MZIJDS$



M
C R
# V



M




MG$25(8T4K69

M[;N3[]Y^\Y*'OZ)MD*4QOL
[Q#[_Y^+U@/_]5WFT/\14;?:[IPSOQG6(L^Q;
M*O]M@A]I/]+Z?Z#UO_T#K?_7U:^O@PV.?X5HR4]W5U)S?NC550E]ZTC'6YQ%

M[4@NJ6TA:FK=F+U6C.G/U^3[/

MP;:HZV
6L*_\?:1
:V1/IPSG:9EML96!O-GZ7PTV8U\E0Q0I00=IG)Q\NO_5
M_V1_1S_7)?[/O_':&N766;_-@FQ;?XG\J-&N*O'M-B7CXZ$XZ2FZR]*]M'6J

@@/'!8Z+O/[-$#5K_].1M04U7.XB#/
M;W;W1;K]9?T2Y2
H










M_5P\F;AWB813#



M.\7.5KUG*7$H&5F]A.HPA4;2\=$7M172$S =L4[HHA)&5!KZ-(Q!]XP=BC'H
MFR

)&T_QN0J75


M2(EJ)PZ1&U%MCW!_KQ:CYZT:051+ J=8G=)9TGR$!CT% #]9?E9900A(R7*R

@=-K17Z@#@:NY4F!' -V


M^^$MI*0_/#]FQ6I(C]@EL$C!KE9 -%@44&. 0:'4Q'!;C10#\*+._Z.\\_


MQD88)HB./J




MGV/


Z<5LIY?0U5)7VXK.H;6G2$:@N#SIBSS/A4)6'
M?2)5R'QK50M?MQ1X!SO
*%M2'-?[/%#\
(YKMXV4PDY)(!2=^%^4548\=(L
/?OOK/[U[^^XO*$Z31T1:

)T0;O4MH[DNT9NB+%]3X$VK)$X_$K*G,VIZH6
MJSDJGH(/07/&4I.I)29#P\DF^=JC2$DAC/@LGN*!5!R@31648^@(C#4*
MPI#=V<UI&J,NE.AGN#M%3YC K&1KZX ##P591E_XI6_@5D]OT_3\'
4C[W:
M+!9Q.)/HZ#7$2?TGF(D!A&*&]Q@
5$

-/!?J/

M

IDU5?H

9YP3KF4
D!+;ZD
M)NH&*)V@#R?


6QZ01+TKHA;S


M:T


M&)]^\_;=ZLW;/_$L7&_?KMZ1?X


RFJ ^#QM]^=R9RAE0KIBG5E8)P?!#GZRX4]B?
M3
M6%M19-SOT$#+6N%H
;F<70X3+H1)+_<$(<39L%.F=QE6-!E






MU+NBJ4KBDEV*K2=-AX#NKM&_L@W5[__T/=]-_?WJNS]^W]]
97^H]N'*).#9








M)W6!/]*]@



M/+_*AQH(NW2;)K8(CJ
10E2*OOU2R:T0ET1
%

M9



MHL^!5&X$*!%& *5EPPB:W%'B'.\P686%EU%UVMG](I3M2Y3O_JI$W1(ZT-
M0TBQ*X-7];4N5KZ).!SIX4\38EC;\4E]5
4
7+$W:8\_V3!G(

TKZIA%P2

;H1IY& IHKPY
M)6
<:G#PJ7)UX)ERC#;G;\
M;A)+OC<6#*Z@VQ9D].SLK96B@=IJQJJ\V3BQ4KY'66WQR@G]:=XQG)29SK=


M3EWTF!$AKP.
_ON+VAS%$-FC&+71Y^7T8AW318


B@\H(..Q 

M]E;I!]
D/\6[-*M6C63!B/.+ER(+TBR






(H!-T_82=#8CX? &$$#HN3+3%@V6U

M5T

MO;D.V2\ ;]15!N0&JWJ%#
W-!:(1Q&X!+,!_5ECK;2-SM86W)
M0/N:$: G+
Q )9RZ
$
4X&!@




MMZ2KJ\/BTWEZ'%4\X?R1VMG$?WS%M?@:43U6[%1^BAG526B=:[04#_4*L@G
MO53%57UIXBC.QVBR#M_$:Y[MDES=B #:89RGE. );)ED5TRBI9!%@4QHDZN




M./




EW)WR$NZ]\S




1H45\:2
BA +V%KX3U:&NHE;D^^B]A

GD


YBEH7:65KUJ?\(^

YMC]VI^PI+4JC[<*ON
MR/P'NH0-=_?.YM E[+%*D_-UO
_GW<8AV:8;P_AGK[AZSW=5E8$]B#.9!.+QG,D,
M <]QLLQ7EE9?45]MJPWA6TQ=


+=#BM/4R_Y$9<[=TNVC;![

M@27'7M]_0N0#?SIY\PYTKW%QY@A;E(O3YK]=_-.+T.=_TZ@G3




M7;65=H;BAJVT)QRFPR





MYF_H$$1 &7/--&5/A*#U/BT3T.?P%



TI+RJ!9 3 (Z6&-F!%
\HE=!T79


MA-D'G!6O]/8K#=?28^@'6L2&/(I*(&FDLLV$4+7\BMTY+_B^1%.)-^RR
I
H
M]13DF
6!#HU]!RK*S

R\T#YID6IEGE:B





MS688(R9N:]
:P41R[8WA^_QA;9+6#J?O!)FQ17@NR(PJ+EE_(+.DB)TF(S_'
MN. )ZM:=+(!*ZIN(.^6_D3TB;UHQFD:M$F3+O*XHE!^8;12S)%!8XI8\YJ 3


M5L-^BU0!I*C*2@])/R.P#GEGA%1WA!


LO.

@LQSU)D]H\[;#YWM$M#5I#UBAQ2T
MARLD']?;+;V)G=\&K\$F5CT
;2 +RC[1$D/2U8*HDH29/4XQJ-'\
*XY+'$D


(/D
M#MTV3

FOXC;[388
]R!'F
MEF;2B

M0
^3#9 Q\@EL0$T
M'#ZZ:_M0@ ?/ !AGN#]^\GX;K)JK31







MO:EJK&C1/.RX0K@A(.G8DCX*2^:
OWG[IQ7YSQ]XSK_?_/[-BOPU/V!*01P+





MI_$S31Z=X3 J+H


M5NL=F8#3!YXD.HNO'VT*_^;NZB87'SM2M;?#0'N:/#[@;$_U
0JQCY=W&5R7

M06?+^3H)Z0$6

UGC







M7A_HTQ/T;:HT

M:?]ZIL*FRC.#FY@BSPQK\






CGO[=8QU30[7

M-!

5M;TQAS:^AY4 3H

NBJ^2TS*






M7 XU@OZ-
HN9!KJ=:X
X86O7!FX.ERK[0Q!E['IL=A[EAS0/XIL=?8SS.GK&
M(7]HWF(9
CP43KB#^@U0OP!!W2?J%T9F@^4%G6X
M?*[.PC+A[3HBRV[58M21]H]9]G8VY*^2O(B*\&//ED#4WBMSQ:5[DCW(?A'








M6T@UNM5?X

MF66XHB[_?6 LSUK.M#C%L=@G7 0XQB46V0QUCDJ.74M9E%^Z68B5VJE5CW




M1


M49VJ(4WK^B>G8 [(^O]!(.F+.Y)35GB



M..!#LV]1RSO$%(@'-T;/@7!_H ;'K]EHO2B.#6=ILP=NHU5$?A;D3Y=Q^KFR
MJ6/EE

+]5JC75J\?@H(&





T(YI
&XH#494DTPA^B)-J7^SNV4*T5



8NN=8NKLD3J' [$'3X6N+W&NL]_39XG]U



[501

MM=H%X*Y()SP5ZQ!TO]CM\+9H7D0DFMX1CTRSS2;T%3SRW+5 M^$GVJQC?
M5-AE.ZT3]2OUD.^+M$6_^,#MT9SM!;HORA(MU#1)::'Q^)A4_GA&J930^X;
MIO

M0B!IMKLTCB_3C*8AG# GL*\49%HPP7;5S$#NMVB-J*K2P\G!PNTP6!6I6L:/






M
[A+RP+?DF\0NYJTM&9NP$C4E0
PLT
X@TJE476YF'V@_/33.*37XEA8)RW
M@%F/[:XQ9L1SEUB#)%\Q$7EA-B.U81@AJ8&D+#SBI5@(#(-GZ9[S[[N.L\
MUT*^4-K[!JDM!H_%LA&D)0O98WP')*AE_.)XOD+/T'RW)5Z7FSB2/^W.44
M_DVI%N;,RA3[E4=/VFP'394-=3N5@@_Q1VH+0_O]8/5T]N.;4R&_HQ9=.?1




- M
MP][RAZ_PZ+[PQ=VM'S
E(]#*)T5&B 7)*E#E]JTCIO4S&!



M5E NWLU
HH5BN3^'$Q#NX8Z_='\;9
7K





Z)L_CU


AO+I% %V944/7&#%JY2.# C\./R[U2)KRKDAT%@-D!/8M34/5CH
MVGE.0HSX
;.&*7FZ64F-ND[J9U9[3-DX*_0'$7Y;^<OI[B9/NT#[)?-L.O:C#





M2

 4
M
X#-NFK8!#;3.-I&.+^.$GQ5X/W88D$OXNZRH$IOR:X@UA7Q='/5  Q;@C



M&



MRUB!#0Z'T0+G(#2-%SCHLZ42[=6KL=
RBD.R&
NOJ3 .;]B-5YD'T$FY(KY6
Y2'2='W)X#'9FM#.DCI
MN/:$F+3!.&%_*TY2T2Z0H5D!,^F0?&R,60_%L[J(=4S=)TL/O?46=W[QLL68
M?N\!)Y4B56I?W3AL5(7K0=G,+OD(W<BCI@+V\%Q519/0&W# GF4B =BV,1$W
M)A;$QJ_<I.#&7PPM\#HZ




*LV0@C






@ND=]


^BIT:B(Z;=Y 'RC)+S&4G[@#QEHCLC


*SGV(U-KA$O &6AO W
M -*,\,QEF25146:8U'X9O=?Z+O+USC(

M.'8W_OZ(GZ)MC.7N1U;0X2@KZ#AL]+H \$@Z7T^7H^5XSP\'R/%N=_CN$]X^

BY?@%)H+AR*;LIZ
RVT4?\LW1]*6BL;RO)T5WP.

U/-6Q;_MW+FWW<R-/P/KTS;SC

74N58=&JO:T ]N %ER
M\^(1\[P(XHM - [BBRAT1ZS+(
I^#.(2GT?Y-DYSMC#5'Y!4BSFDDD9_80E-

@ 6F;L'COL$58;5HF'

ME% 9XEV)$Y=;Z-DOF%[@(9Q;A\]D^AKEY%\7_$2\P431M *G&^N&-HG[TY4@
:11T43!JK+#+:XQCN@H7&$4 P1#
M2-L^^(..[A[<_)%C0[AM*07&C&V%^Z?H<.
^2MI'2+PR!X?4;A^0SE76P4&

M=@]9D.3LP2QJ#M51AWJ-L&OHZVR1-G.#?4J$OBBC \#NUVR;1.B $]D(:Z-L


M:[4@ QZ!*RH+%%^'_RCS0I


M

Q?O&SC

M;IH3@#1G7-

M




:$S8!T


'8;-[G#V3-:DFP[^1M



&M(]GF$;_4+S18@1$\^&)T2E C1]Z49X7E(8JO#C.:M@OAG$*N*-U
M8RO&^R#&^=E3D2D3=43(S-QX+#%B#VFX0LFBBI9T*D1@&'0T0X9#DVB'C(0
M^L


M]N-0IUFG#!%FUB-0T+J.@DT41\6K


M)ZC
@?


UIM

MH'@W9/=LM1N35^]_&-:_ T7;'.)]%!HQE=1H:M(]IKN)HC(H*(#&J$P)EJ
M947
K4B(%:_$BJW
B#6RODX.Q1P32!L8MT!]!FS-B(S_XSL(GZH9M=O??T
MUG).:E0C\%35S&KC&2P?V#]6W=S4N&)C/5U%U;7Z
[N=TP+BHI#]5X YV(1A

MP-OB(;W)UL]!%-




#P
/.@0*66=I;HXF7A@
096N





M^M[163N%K\OZ
(U7Z
T\SR&(0G;^(6/9U(5R^R1@G:DQK*C)^P9(6$()D_


=K.HZ

M/C.@9L6#-XC%Z\ZJRX7V58'-I(WLU
ZQA9?%X5
'+&BND77H*\+U5QQD^=?^
M3


CYN^_%&)VP3J'EUVD


D=]_
8SLX'06(SL@]8^1



U.\&- OC*+E);6HVA_* MV$(D
$1CZ+LL
M(%OQ58=BJ%

XV=2(DV*)R_.]D^PFR\OOV?+RS?^G$HP1:GZ3((I1+WCXE7R


MO*1[-\LQLU.;E]SL6KL .VEU7P8_58;S

M93YRM&OK?(K2VKX(AJK




!=


MW-/I*GDF2J39ZV641/D3#M^G:9BOD_G-/OE*KG-4GJ[[
N;G9W.
?9
U;-




AR?9F2*^P'O-Z
A='E1

P.63@!
ML%YPLE7M8[#7!]BL:_*#FQ(K[7[ZJ&65@0\^'EDL=L5:'9@K$J*+MC[5F9
M%V1DS^[HK7DRHN=/T2&71@-I!RR4:W]$(AU:=0K#A0?=&*2\88(&G(#@
8







$7-15AYJ,F3:=R2*+28!2X)02_8/&**
MQ:LR<ROV@XMF;; ,U7QY96;QYO#FK9EEP&X36#%'NJ^4I_Z)^JW%J-Y6ZW%

M



@@)UAJVW




W2/MR5=8]B;Y9(8
M1C ;









M1WJ

04ZVI1^TW4?'2%.G_G\&V'TEV:

FO
MT0%G9.U08.&LB


MH(=HO_PU$U/O
=WFQL2@





\]
M@MU%8S?NVJW87 %SH?


M!VLO5
M%P


CW
MKNEZY33(?\&%&LWF\J[ ;6'1L



M%4T-AP_M)H)










MB52#6#WH(46G&+55H:8NQI#PNP68+!8R&IQHDZ@3NMJDTA(D7[Z@LH;YHB




%KPCM

MQ#&I-1

V\?NV46P'P*YQ;:5




Q3OS-3/WB7(VE





@@Z1EF7.6#

MH:KZDMDH&U=C5
?




M\&V8
QH!AA]V1\3)6;K*


2+.IQ\TT9 



@9G@=)Y D
M\\E+?L$9S92YQ[TWV95:FWNI3I*;KE;0AOSQ)VA*
_%IOA!KS=.&H+V5.S:3
M66

YC0EI;R'\7COH



M8T.:)1QK6X'*#Q'_TE)%X84&;4KGAW6CKMK#BF$N6O8Y\DXQV8/^BGT:T$O3
M'.+ 5U_/.$J'3I'&&AJ






L%2'8HMT



M?N\*OE5U=PC&JHKK

8CP389/PE3WX3;FBDT

M


=S+&!!/[%J7(R_W ZF%\SXRW[7+/=)N\H)?@0_P402(_

MT3I;A4$J:?*26CS'BI.U ZP%Y0!H?.3T*




MVPVJB****O%5.%WCA566%

MSP$N1#D3?I1:?\K
X
_]0!%(WID0 J8TID' ]LVQ7Y'TE/4U QUMX\-D8Y
M$B&$[;_@5) V=1 IRJS1!@Z@14[+!)B14S%7_

MK&Z=-.AVM^C';

A8@)4D?T(%;._&W 797$Y3VYNT*2HI@IN*/IH#W=7Q

';%L!31BI&T<- +$+9O1
M;^WP4


 'XX=E+\ <OQ?Y%?(*_





%#47)1)/T?$9;DC1+9$O$R_YA\__QJ\(@C%*

PM+3H2$4C_(



MHZE*FPKS&JOLLH_;%6:T+KQSD'DAO#KR$7LIKNWW)4R*! T+UD2&
XE5%-4H
M($80JD7UJ,A$UFLLQ/2SUVP&-)J*#(69G50U4XLJXNH1QDMNM@_Q+'_)0A#
M]E@:80DB%^PG%:=[D(Q--WR8/RG'O!1/#/(B?#?'?'6U?ALL!14+'F]+%EU

G0F


M_$(&\?LW%%)O8T9_.+T-F#58E$D7-Y?I;A561NGJH1Y[


[T;UC
_A=2#(_)'&:PD4&1@7][C_^

MMF%!U$I%+20;9D-\O&X;



M^M=:UQ82L@Q+DLDB/O(7



J]L%9Y(W.@MM$\

K-B9B2PU&'EAC2@9BE4
M34-I'S_&[(.NC4
@FE=D[( YG1N!L OXH@H&RW%4HR7K12T$Z%C.MK
%+#'

M32C:1;P8/&]M=1V?QA;4X8HS[-+B+:-IO:NW
3536KYUS0MBA=)03#7NQ B@
M+\\!

M0]X)HKV@GVD_5L)PB^E1.\2K78D
8FQLP*+Q#L62=1(WB2H=LNB]'3

RUA8LY*/0+@@TN+P;!@

M? -I;1FJ!K(I4O^@VFQM


6V

:LX(KV=O1_?H3GX6D@BACO(0=4
M;S=KV._URT?[SF_#-X\)^XJVK%?\NJ8+%R[@@G61)09SEATMY9/E%\7@
MI&TG/(E.2F$4X?#$MBB
PAC7RG-(J]?_:BW9EF-?] 2$!N-K_3 @;TV@L2

M47G_#0:&8&3T 3;#B=!NS0&5 CQY0P/Q]P^?4_0$%+H.K+F
5JO6H)DLNWY3

M_FQH&VNKH7.3T+





A$J9X0E/GE?@U-^VI[B/

;L_5.Z/TWKSP



^ZB'?YRH860&




&@^R(


QXC8VZ9C1.8SC$=14V[$8'0^
M
V4DNN
356443ZR!
S


2 M4;V)_]J7FH:$+4I



MM



9&I&K

B5VQ

MG-Z/65O3HUE#V899TK:W%RA'A6K#0CNE16$TK_7IE]-RXS6-G^@;W$?C#4
MCL'05H]BOK5PR!.6=_%O]!E :'Q9YP'._3)?]VAN2
F=2RYU4^M3A!D@WN






M@?697-$OV5(

09==H[([W
MQ-U)9AH-(17+1D/
G:S1B(^(D7#):LBSQ;YSS&#(#Y]64'^.0Y]T!5.1
';\
M'G9L&XH1(
D8BA$4V3

M(9]LKJ( UO0?\L'U(XE.%J0@8E&;'3HVRB4HD'+WU&/F_LA@&3'GI\.A%7
M+04+5K)0NCHN6:]^=(\9K'YHF[=1-?NYCS_@.R^8X
O($+%@NZ1XD_5DLA@]

(GR3



D1G8W_(_T;8G@
M


\C +OL


M*_-!1'K :898QC.9;3 @-(B1XBP+V24N







5G
QITC3$Q9&YZ*3(6(IY[Z;^77Q#
4A;R+^I]UC&#Q1







MD?5IZ(3=69]ZVD1BNHU\^GK-'7$3DC)!K/[%'JI?[?'7[$
H66U*;S=6
3Q+


'$)5FKP)@$TMII2\W7;VE!AD-8$0BD

.&J&@9(2S

M=P'F0\\]^U3$U+1;)!%A!VV04 8SK4XM$KXV*R
MDEMB&&C0^3=@38:Q
M5^

R';[_:J\O;'8?BC6E+57D'QBVG



TTY44_YYYXEDS;_]

44[&;:SW G62BM3C]8JD+




2Z#4EO(U- S%+(/





MH2)BQR+H8M




^$O7':
\\Q[##$\;WU+P!)'&1EY)_=1
0P
MX31C%3/C(]@H]/

MH.!/=35O'810


MT/!)*3^&Z)U?TQBP.#5G0=U(XGTF;F$W$Z\!!&_TZ0.&)9@.=I?P/!FR
M%A




TFK[\0F?'@<KP:H2LG.C28['
MH<L]??&#M!XA:-_9O?.H._\SHV[_AM-$$;3.SSIBX.=H]A:R*RENTT*FCUP

J* P122FA




4F3@O\LNS5WL1XC$!%SH])ETC*I!N(Y_W


M2762D*(N9;KPTF?\!8S?I^ K]F]'K=5  U-J-C3FMK3XMXA\C.C7Z';(J!G8

N




 TQ&U$4*5\JBA[A'2@5_@J]U 8X5[6AB6&H]7UIF2]


H@HC3#UX(
M?^K18\7V!G.K9#E2U-N*&E7A@MX&L;=@M\]9UK?YR'SDDRT ,WEF/^O Q]


S+9 #723B#V09?NF!:$K55-'$&S]6/[@*P
MJXQJF.MJHL'K0L6 KN.$%4F0*SDPV
SD]:#A\4M!J*1!EC%*@M:^MWWS7R=C
(-$#0 I5-;(8O5;GHU?ZM:
\:\9BGE(JU@A_FM
OJ4CH5#V#



WS?3YU;
ZZ9N'$S6][TJB3357N:MH?<YU[2N@P3?QAFFA0T;KZ6W#5'?
MEZ:



MG9
% $9R$Z5Y F[I71(?

77A4X:ISB0T:HZ)U


Q#2!L;=.0$N/V5[


;2K

MQ3[ZZ2;QBSF*\Y]^^6F6YXN___KK^_O[WX))&&=)5.3X ]G?_&3^*_[[;^R#


!@Z/W!
ML



4C[Z..5%6Z-MYFY_
PI[L?E@:\+9+-!#^::@B[

]73944Q;C
^TF? L#% ?F


MW$V&^ J2;ESA'Y+

M2I.@\/
1[O+B12C[&GZ8SI [1






/_*L4Z(V^\-$#XA?HJCRAQ;HU'0J;9+I








(F-DG+ D3



H/R]A,2FXE=1FA_PIY+C<6%H#NJO<D_I<E;2*R\;.A\NO&




U;A6=6\:0]LET
5G3T^[ HO#;V(1!


MFDL[0_[?ILG;KP$*?STZ.+PD/_Q?OCEX+#,I/W?\*_&]#N#URQ/\9FX'_R


M_[C!JMT

JSY6^V65G^


ME

QC5X

N T


HBZ0'DO.1W8?M4][1U6I@$


LQN&8
-%A\7BH!]CBIY


E'NJGY'




MQB(N40H5?L/Q&=^9TS0S54C06,IBPID.+_=5JGP$D;.#Q2
)
+P5+B%- T

_O-.?#2TV*6



=G*Z.+
A4OW



T0/C]7&&QE=H'DUU6!284O

M7=QI? E\F6K(= 4R6SECK.K][XHT#O
B)5?!!^1E:)9$&Q(K4OTK.XXO@2]2
M-;EI@


*)#9R@4$R?$O21*\AQ&O^,QVD_%9MQ4&SAL902Y-T04\,C
MF8ZIJODYG,[P=?5;QLXJ4.E_4CHY E4QDM+G-8#:M+T(*&T+W!NJLH_53&
M9]U\D'-0V,H !'GW?@B]US#<H.(K9<&C1!;$=Y-%WR3PUG%=TAQJ? ^[:1
M$[\1*ENI@T =5]: ]9W\Q9W&I\O+R


MON
+8._46IS6@V4K:Q*H/H5J='T_+0PY+^\XO@#V3ZW%=@U


M*
8_Y$0QG7$)*W.L3'^^ +83EI7G.RA%TA;IW1ZFV:G)=9/+3E2]J5F*ZA


M:CH^/ #/2BKECW@M[\(0Y)CM5!3K( A!N#)X/[N%1-5 #+K*3*SIA0X-GW


M3KG5;#1MR.I6)^B&5$RO2'FA/^09!D-RQMY'W*W9.1









MTKB)2JOQL2O:D





6!-%<RENCIF!-
M=JP3T0X3MT)S*1OL3=/TIRX4'_QPIA0=Y&&;YKWA0I_E_&/XW4@FU^=GQR







\ED]-C)


50#81\B( 78

MO3





;6\1
&0G+A6[

T_U]*R%_CHLH=@5&M






MXUW8TGM*
AAFARM)&NR\IY18;45Z P='K#;7EUF2YGC3F]^@5^GS2=1G?'CF
MYBZB9*7Z.L




 6R):QLAHZ

MDF7%' 6'DHW 8!1\^@'9I.TP7? P-R6 0':


/4A:^C@O
M
VR0G-UXX?E$7;[OZE8[
]!84^).X^.5HGZ?6X.
HB/



A


83F23
5HB1F-
SXY/MW_BM.:








M2-1-\ + &B^=I\Y%56\ A@_8#E^7)_PKJR'P7BS9+WBE9J]%.GU


MAAO?U##.:0_!Y@UTZ)E3EVO%

*R$)
HMVB=-/:;) :?Y)W*-(N49B

C
M#;3UK1;W-4#Q^=VIB@0O:$HD^ADMDG1%(8

ML'0)F^\,*56ZA2_519)YD6LO.]#^(8EBW'X()08SA&3N#0]YJ7AR9P^=+3
MJ9H'D@Q+RS\I3Q/M

MF;8[


E;)18S1&S6YJ-QN@%<A.MY2=RRR5)A9/?A=&ETXJ
MHY20!*SNE&;RUDMC3)?L:54ZO4YKNC)J-3)QX$N




[P]21GZ@+P
2G?



MRM1+
*-D$ZRF&-09C)$'6/=J( 2-
/8@

-Y
7\F;(N6I1/ODG1K?ZVAM6LP

M$GZAH-:)4W]@1F)@C:OQX6
!;R^4JLO

MUT5*1+?&H2T? @
$?ALHJ:\ZGG4 ]B*-L1GLQRDTS(: $:C3



!39'6=_D[)&E!PF6
MUSO_DLYFI^5.+[9B@=5*+1R
8J65-S@!O\DGHY0.B=.]#75_)EHULJOP.M
3Z(XZT24RV&J*5

M4]?EF*3)U7

M!_VW.&6Q%']1
(IS;MV];EN4A)\0 [*DE9?<,,\NX^?4!HF ?W7
M#6;5?8SWJ3@+?9K5Q9H8MSHOQF#@N ZX%; ?VO;JG;=FQ:K
#-'W.+;BJT
ML,[&;[[%^+2=(NW^EDL-\#/Q;W)?0MTZ]6#LTH:0G7\+MK=#-9;13:(Z+1H

 # +VG5H35



ME'M.FY6'957-Y25J[SODABZ /(*64S+R)#$8!=\.3T%?.C-RQR5Z#%8!%P6E

M*^9
4_\M


F-$.:Q3&HGY9\:[^'-AN.3XT/0JX&
FLS1;D53

C&ER(
5JCLQ00E<9K,$5J6:Y,35ZX9]!/'67K]7_*KPHG)#ZG&5I
MI(RY0J+TS=*9FZ5Y937C?VVO9/RKL6)*X@6LWYDF'3BWX;2Q] J]CW_S\#.]
MH,YR[V0G7M-N^76]]5I_1(8*2+]6@_B<Y6D!?^6Y4NQ6$1TH_/23TS*%$\G



M[!HM+J](AZNW!3VN90Q^FF2H5*MD8W&K+Y GL9:Y!3L





*! ARV?Y *V;


#RSFBH\/Q(5






86

M=






MZ^(9O86D*

N2AMP@_%D_I!\M2V+=


MB%0K:%&C-Z


4H_JW11
OVN2.



YH174@._
MS@ 

M?_72/Q'Y!9;Y0?&CZPPP_\J?:E(QG .KB/7U 45?X LR_+9ZNQ0^L-P/A_
MN?\EN3LEF8_+3F
Z;VBO$$



MH/G-5AY5#M*'



M3I*&$Q$1S(\PT4B
B

!_O62OH-W
M+PU(8H^HP)^\PWQ@UUZ/);VU=.451EVO)\(XH]+VB'LP1EX Z$SQE((=:152

M*[;]QF


1

7


T7_%;7

MZ/11.



MH-P-M/IC:@%'
FFSM)9$5%%:BD&'M0IRU\V#)


MW1%W=2.D\LPCDNFS9-TP;=Q4 $A%01]9:_'IP K7E;6M_%.%BBBX^J19\Z]G

QP!C

M?8X23(2LP

/(^ZKL3\4;#E 2VT^OQFB\G
MM0%;TM6^H?0U =36T+R)F4

XCXVA=_AH(B0I5:ZW1F


'D
M&UXZ!*ZV#&SU8\0!5IMJ\D^'^2)XMFJ@<$P18+P$'JO813FG]K
7_6@=(%V
M5+/(]EU@MHJ9P#+\@=C3T-;1%F94(?3LY=+T]XJNC%+ WFF-1$ ;86L%2YHX


[5;Z8(;N/_62.




M^;/;FI$#V'6QT8*6@6HM^1@

.=)QUD_4N
U%GT&/B19K[D56BL

MY5/?%7A.&$?1I.NN#6=BK.F*0%VVZ^IDN=A'RG
:

T/6@O.









]B+)PAP?0
 ZRK7G

AKSL@NR!



NGOZMJJ/G
!V.D=$^?8^
8VL'8 T6?+GH+0L+(YI[3







YP OW5J\*2YWN-$7&*X
M2_NQ!.C5YU?OCR2E=5T4=VZ#43#E@ /D3;G

M)$Q!8
.G
;N-I4:

'3$H3YF



KLF

EG?$6VM'
M]Q
3? (1Z)$?=47J2=#2]VM8/#D_/CX'R

PJ
=-OB28H;1D!H0M









/; :
MKPY[3?%92BMAB[MKA4Q#/AL/Q@K-*KP_'Z2&TED[#%_%&(TF&




M&I&E@AYXKP$.
J2TA*H@
M&=E3_E+!,Z4*Y#IY0[$7TS+13*$YB(-O,69*GH8D6/C:RV:#?Y^)5&KZ#W3
]?Z*-L_3<JN(



MJMZ5Q!2?0Z,M:663ZER,WQ(O+BZ(3XC%MYWA29)BN[#[P5SKQTBL@F2C ^






L
OQ:J
JJ(*-AJS3!V]?JEP 0;:69G$5X564BRCU82@-Q.)L@G




PYL/\$$R='P/&RYNRM@Q T.T%KUFG%55?0@Q$%^/UB





]3):L\);#^;6\
E@*!VB=E;'D<P 9R674\.#UTRE2E<S]7H0'S/M*P2WCB*^3.?Z/



^:._IH?H=1RX']6L)(


MX9O5'8B
QPCJK&^G5?FIP@7-1K%W^1E
\$3MBM#&D(RL#H3UM2E%?
26G&'@



MLS;5$)R*N]!C7PGC6YPMBUP+EZ.T/:
!T'M%S1D.)Y5(G JX
%N
7U R3;W%
MC(3XZBS([?:
!LYE9U
M2B$


U&
MC_2;[.)
[$#^RWK'Q):4&PYL@.IE(8+%(^\#V).DNB2*JTP\..# Z;L3Y;^$HD'HX^
MN)9_BU/D)].8I/C#^*Y0C9AGJVTXT_XU1X1@^(@7OG7#WP_+1 OC,GJ(RZ





M
L

MECV/['&#. 

6PL;43X'X
L0SF)&WP(O5=2

MI

M7J

MDK13M
AJ]JA]A=(9@Y$#O.!::T*A3X ^Q7M@'])DN ]C*6HLZ+I\16S/YD


MHC4(1/UVFLDC'8+1#;S *H2

M5;0KGDTO_@P%182&DRW_OXD@:W:/?)TNCR_VOQ9MIF0_NCQQVTW^4EP'6X7*


F=$:+!-$
MMK?/3_ B.ZV+[ZMG4Y-!-#P;8$530UQ&=&Y ?;!6^7VV2P6$3XTO\:(9:#


OQN1WI2_A@M


M4M6#9RE*J^Z&+%B]S^%TE@\GMQ%YR

MP68IO9=EQEXG



M#JW+MLY)OL3PD7=;]5V?8FMJQ $Y=!Z].5(JS]OX'.

MO!#NXR!\X/BP3/'&%;1C'H%
PM/W74ZT9, Y_WN8SZC^@+C3S\+%*+F-


M/ Y?BXQ@D&_$FMT9?.!7L8 CG(W7%%4?




:$RIZ3L'
ANJ[H#/5MR;3+A!6(/J=*OO1D(3W8A+^1@]![94
M.R'*TV/HO 3.'@!V:M8+[!Y5=?117Z%)MZ:)J^?63V:# M2N#@.\*') A@9

M@CO*5^\CG!?SP3PIXGPX61XV+
ACL%@7AJ:9:X0Y(@R'833IJTZO$44$4@);
MAKTVJ3:H@/] %L9]?.UE


1IBRS$U6=J5X.-K[!XA&@


:

?H2 C^Y*I
M0439EQ$*V!&T57'3)X&EDD0.%[A;G8_/6?'#D
^3I:/+DPX=:\K N572C/9


M
9_NOZS$M;J





M1B2@^WH[(B$ :
GH&Z!)R J ?RGP(M)LI^]Q[:62J *R631K+NM&5& [G]V
MNY#U0-KY!)499L;)5?HR0MK' WJ02CIH)(*V]T&#

MU()+Y\_2N9/ZW3ND'7Q*
LPS



MT8#3C_C5
,$GQR)F[C1DL(#N5FTS4HS6EK(05$_




MU=N;K2B68V[L8\'+6'8/*6+! .OC/U]-?F@S BN^?Z+-X]:V#KN#\T'S#)

R&VY1(/K6@E=:ZJOW_Z@N/C;ND+
MCH'7FB9)M?4%Q_8*&/=&7W 
'%
B8%



M%
TY5$X\!9O
WQ8
RO?^ML!4 '8@4//(X&W!X'SO;PM


P*K'

M

_%/0F)&+REF#;@6AOJ
W5IR27IY9M=3:HC
3(OUA




Z_;-+

W#ORC+AY.G-$S2BCGX&H




MY95VD&7%' 5/WN=][*?(RU!V/U_@^8?Q5

TH FKC
M40@

G$;(\$ 7C8(I!ZS@


M G@!?=%7
$N7PUN(.N[[X4X(X 7T14S):L&.W@RQI0N[6TJ#3H0 7ARXET):




70[K3

M9;2N+L 0;=]
KLOK




MJG

LM2G BB]2MEPXISIS







MY; %TC357#MAV9/?/>KN





CNF]'-X-XDFD%ES P]H
M II1BF\HGD_=+W\/\]DSHO1X\O[ F6# +\ *




MJ[G'.:V6SU(




;

(YOT'Q ]CH%A](S
2TWY'9I:2:=;.Z@J3X5![F
9O +E%'2%G
M;1H(U+
=B&N_ SAVL
Z0CD]W)2GDQ*A 4MMHQ@;:3L6 PI
/&H0W)5/7F/P*

M=)VT!2Y)+GYJ;0S
^RM9(7U9MF.WC5&PB3I2V!#_K3([[*L)86/8/TM1!@%^

MVJ



+PG/
M$@O1VO9*(
A7^N

M0-J]9SB@CNF(YC#


MEK#VA!
/5CF%W404MKHG%6P@@\?ESS-'1K?_($)T9V=(1V@7G?KS3PMP!^ )




]!3F'J




2

M@7D(5VX;WNPOY27=$BR%CKB'D3*#JLF8054)6^QX=]O(X/$S30#-=MN(

M[Q;Z8@( (9T@  \              ( !     &0Y
S P
35D
3!K+FAT;5!+

S P
35D97@R
RYH=&U02P$% ,4      M




R


 @!G.3
P
#$U9S4W;C$Q
M+FIP9U!+ 0(4 Q0    ( V$U%+#6R1M   !1A 0 1              
M 4CW @!J8G-S+3(P

M 'QL 0 5                2L8 P!J8G-S+3(P,C P-C(U7V-A;YX;6Q0

J8G-S+3(P
C P-C(U7W!R92YX;6Q02P4&      X #@!] P  0+@$
end



