

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-14-323643
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20140626
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140827
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140827
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANFILIPPO JOHN B & SON INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000880117
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				362419677
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0628
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19681
		FILM NUMBER:		141068480
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1703 N. RANDALL ROAD
		CITY:			ELGIN
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60123-7820
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-289-1800
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1703 N. RANDALL ROAD
		CITY:			ELGIN
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60123-7820











 


WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549 
FORM 10-K






For the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;26
 2014 
 




For the transition period from
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 

















Elgin
 Illinois 60123 
(Address of Principal Executive Offices
 Zip Code) 
Registrant&#146;s telephone number
 including area code: (847)&nbsp;289-1800 












Common Stock
 $.01 par value per share






 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

Act:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

 if any
 every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

 and
will not be contained to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an
accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer&#148;
 &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 































Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

307
458 as of December&nbsp;26
 2013 (8
184
266 shares at $25.33 per
As of August&nbsp;15
 2014
 8
451
205 shares of the registrant&#146;s Common Stock
 $.01 par value (&#147;Common Stock&#148;) and 2
597
426
shares of the registrant&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 $.01 par value (&#147;Class A Stock&#148;)
 were outstanding. The Class&nbsp;A Stock is convertible at the option of the holder at any time and from time to time (and
 upon the occurrence of
certain events specified in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 automatically converts) into one share of Common Stock. 


 2014 are incorporated by
reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 



 
a. General Development of
John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. was formed as a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1979 as the successor by
merger to an Illinois corporation that was incorporated in 1959. As used throughout this annual report on Form 10-K
 unless the context otherwise indicates
 the terms &#147;we&#148;
 &#147;us&#148;
 &#147;our&#148; or &#147;the Company&#148; refer
collectively to John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC and Sanfilippo (Shanghai) Trading Co. Ltd. Our fiscal year ends on the final Thursday of June each year
 and
typically consists of fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week quarters). Additional information on the comparability of the periods presented is as follows: 






 2015. 






 fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012 are to the fiscal years ended June&nbsp;26
 2014
&nbsp;June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28
 2012
 respectively. 

 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts
 almonds and other nuts in the United States. These nuts are sold

brand names. We also market and distribute
 and in most cases manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack
products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 nut clusters
 sunflower kernels
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under private brands and brand names. 
Information about us
 including our code of ethics
 annual reports on Form 10-K
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports are made available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports have been filed with the United States
. The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the
SEC&#146;s public reference room at 100 F St.
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public may obtain information about the reference room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. References to our website addressed in this Form 10-K are provided as a
convenience and do not constitute
 and should not be viewed as
 an incorporation by reference of the information contained on
 or available through
 the website. Therefore
 such information should not be considered part of this Form 10-K. 

 Elgin
 Illinois 60123
 and our telephone number for investor relations is
(847)&nbsp;289-1800
 extension 4612. 

&#147;Part II Item&nbsp;8 &#150; Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&#148; for our net sales
c. Narrative
Description of Business 

 we are one of the leading processors and distributors of tree nuts and peanuts in the United States. Through a deliberate strategy of focused
capital expenditures and complementary acquisitions
 we have built a generally vertically integrated nut processing operation that enables us to control almost every step of the process for pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
 including procurement from
growers
 shelling
 processing
 packaging and marketing. Vertical integration allows us to enhance product quality and
 in most crop years
 purchase inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts at lower costs as opposed to purchasing these nut meats from
other shellers. We believe that our generally vertically integrated business model typically works to our advantage in terms of cost savings and provides us with better insight into crop development. Our generally vertically integrated model
however
 can under certain circumstances result in reduced earnings or losses. See Part I
Our products are
sold through the major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 contract packaging customers and international customers. Selling through multiple distribution channels allows us to
generate multiple revenue opportunities for the nuts we process. For example
 pecan halves could be sold to food retailers
 and pecan pieces could be sold to commercial ingredient users. We process and sell all major nut types consumed in the United
States
 including peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts and almonds (our major nut types) in a wide variety of packaging
 thus offering our customers a complete nut product offering. 
 


 

 81.9% and 83.2% of our gross sales for fiscal 2014
 fiscal
2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. The nut product line includes almonds
 pecans
 peanuts
 black walnuts
 English walnuts
 cashews
 macadamia nuts
 pistachios
 pine nuts
 Brazil nuts
 and filberts. Our nut products are sold in numerous package
styles and sizes
 from stand-up bags
 poly-cellophane packages
 environmentally friendly packages
 composite and clear-plastic cans
 plastic tubs and plastic jars for retail sales
 to large cases and sacks for bulk sales to commercial ingredient
customers. In addition
 we offer our nut products in a variety of different styles and seasonings
 including non-blanched
 blanched
 oil roasted
 dry roasted
 salted
 unsalted
 honey roasted
 flavored
 spicy
 chocolate and yogurt coated
 butter
toffee
 praline and cinnamon toasted. We sell our products domestically to retailers and wholesalers as well as to commercial ingredient and contract packaging customers. We also sell certain of our products to foreign customers in the retail and
commercial ingredient markets. We are in the process of expanding our nut distribution internationally with a number of our branded products. For more information about our revenues in our various distribution channels
 see &#147;Part II
We acquire a substantial portion of our peanut
 pecan and walnut requirements
directly from domestic growers. The balance of our raw nut supply is purchased from importers
We manufacture
and market peanut butter in several sizes and varieties. We also market and distribute
 and in many cases process and manufacture
 a wide assortment of other food and snack products. These other products include snack mixes
 salad toppings
 snacks
nut clusters
 trail mixes
 dried fruit and chocolate and yogurt coated products sold to retailers and wholesalers; baking ingredients sold to retailers
 wholesalers
 and commercial ingredient customers; bulk food products sold to retail and
commercial ingredient users; an assortment of sunflower kernels
 snack mixes
 almond butter
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products sold to retail supermarkets
 mass merchandisers and commercial ingredient users and a wide variety of toppings
for ice cream and yogurt sold to commercial ingredient users. 

 commercial ingredient
 contract packaging and export distribution channels. In fiscal
2014
 we made the decision to aggregate our customers by their sell-to data versus ship-to data which resulted in the apparent decrease in customers from prior fiscal years. The consumer channel supplies nut-based products
 including
consumer-packaged and bulk products
 to retailers; including supermarket chains
 wholesalers
 supercenters
 and other retail food outlets
 across the United States. We sell products through the consumer channel under our brand name products
including the 
 brands
 as well as under our customers&#146; private brands. The commercial ingredient channel supplies nut-based products to other manufacturers to use as
ingredients in their final food products such as bakery
 confection
 cereal and ice cream
 and produces nut-based products that are customized to the specifications of chefs
 national restaurant chains
 food service distributors
 fast food chains
 brand and our customers&#146; private brands. Our contract packaging channel produces and packages nut-based snacks for manufacturers
under their brand name. Finally
 branded snack nuts
 private brand snack nuts and commercial ingredients to approximately 100 customers worldwide (which
We are dependent on a few significant customers for a majority of our total net sales
 particularly in
the consumer channel. Sales to our five largest customers represented approximately 57% of net sales in fiscal 2014 and 56% of net sales in both fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012. Net sales to Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. accounted for approximately 24%
 22% and
21% of our net sales for fiscal 2014
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. Net sales to Target Corporation accounted for approximately 12% in fiscal 2014 and 15% in both fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012. Net sales to PepsiCo
 Inc. accounted for
approximately 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2014 and 11% for fiscal 2013. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of net sales for any period presented. 
We market
our products through our own sales department and through a network of approximately 95 independent brokers and various independent distributors and suppliers. 

In the Chicago area
 we operate a retail store at our production facility. This store sells bulk foods and other products
produced by us and other vendors. 
 


 

brand awareness
 introducing new products
 attracting new customers and increasing consumption in the snack nut
 recipe nut and produce categories. Private brand and commercial ingredient channel efforts are focused on trade-oriented marketing. 

 social media
magazine
 newspaper
 internet
 brand
 including marketing efforts with celebrity chefs and
professional sports franchises. Additionally
 shipper display units are utilized in retail stores in an effort to gain additional temporary product placement and to drive sales volume. We work with third-party information agencies
 such as
Information Resources
 Inc.
Commercial ingredient trade promotion includes
periodically attending regional and national trade shows
 trade publication advertising and one-on-one marketing. These promotional efforts highlight our processing capabilities
 broad product portfolio
 product customization and packaging
 retail customers and distributors in key markets
 as
Through participation in several trade associations
 funding of industry research and
sponsorship of educational programs
 we support efforts to increase awareness of the health benefits
 convenience and versatility of nuts as both a snack and a recipe ingredient among existing and future consumers of nuts. 
Our nuts and other
snack food products compete against products manufactured and sold by numerous other companies in the snack food industry
 some of whom are substantially larger and have greater resources than us. In the nut industry
 we compete with
 among others
Kraft Foods Group
 Inc. (Planters brand)
 ConAgra Foods
 Inc.
 Diamond Foods
 Inc. (Emerald and Diamond brands)
 Treehouse Foods
 Inc. and numerous regional snack food processors. Competitive factors in our markets include price
 product quality
customer service
 breadth of product line
 brand name awareness
 method of distribution and sales promotion. The combination of our generally vertically integrated operating model with respect to pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
 our product quality
product offering
 brand strength
 distribution model and the fact that we focus on nut and nut related products generally enable us to compete in each of these categories
 but there can be no guarantee that our products will continue to be
competitive with many of our larger competitors. See Part I
(vii) Raw Materials
We purchase nuts from domestic and foreign sources. In fiscal 2014
 all of our walnuts
 almonds and peanuts were purchased from domestic
sources. We purchase our pecans from the southern United States and Mexico. Cashew nuts are imported from Vietnam
 India
 Brazil and Africa. For fiscal 2014
 approximately 26% of the dollar value of our total nut purchases was from foreign sources.
Competition in the nut shelling industry is driven by shellers&#146; ability to access and purchase raw nuts
 to shell the nuts efficiently and to sell
the nuts to processors. We shell all major domestic nut types
 with the exception of almonds
 and are among a few select shellers who further process
 package and sell nuts to the end-user. Raw material pricing pressure and the high cost of
equipment automation have previously contributed to a consolidation among shellers across all nut types
We are generally
vertically integrated with respect to pecans
 peanuts and walnuts and
 unlike our major consumer distribution channel retail competitors who purchase nuts on the open market
 we purchase a substantial portion of our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
directly from growers. However
 there are risks associated with vertical integration
 such as susceptibility to market declines for pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. See Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; below. 

 in part
 to the seasonal nature of the industry
 we maintain significant inventories of peanuts
 pecans and walnuts at certain times of the year
especially in the second and third quarters of our fiscal year. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts and walnuts and other nuts may affect the value of our inventory and thus may also affect our gross profit and gross profit margin.
See Part I
We purchase some of our packaging and labels from a related party. We purchase other inventory
items such as roasting oils
 seasonings
 plastic jars
 labels
 stand-up bags
 composite and clear-plastic cans and other packaging materials from other third parties. Material costs
 including tree nuts
 peanuts
 other commodities and other
inventory items represented approximately 85% of our total cost of sales for fiscal 2014. 
 


 


brand names
 which are
registered as trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as well as in various other foreign jurisdictions. We do not own any trademarks for any private brands
 which are owned by the respective private brand customer. Our trademarks
particularly those related to our brands
 are important as they provide our customers with information about the quality of our products. However
 registration and use of our trademark
 in foreign jurisdictions may be subject to certain risks in
addition to other risks generally related to our intellectual property. See Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; below. We also own several patents of various durations. We expect to continue to renew for the foreseeable future those
trademarks that are important to our business and expand registration of our trademarks into new jurisdictions. We intend to protect our intellectual property rights vigorously. 
As of June&nbsp;26
 2014
we had approximately 1
300 full-time employees
 including approximately 160 corporate staff employees. Due to the seasonality of our business
 our labor requirements typically peak during the last quarter of the calendar year. 
Our business is
seasonal. Demand for peanut and tree nut products is highest during the last four months of the calendar year. Peanuts
 pecans and walnuts
 three of our principal raw materials
 are primarily purchased between September and February and are
processed throughout the year until the following harvest. As a result of this seasonality
 our personnel requirements rise during the last four months of the calendar year. Our working capital requirements generally peak during the third quarter of
our fiscal year. 

 we believe that any backlog as of a particular date is not material to an
understanding of our business as a whole. 

 including the
presence of shell fragments
 foreign objects
 insects
 foreign substances
 chemicals
 aflatoxin and other agents
 or residues introduced during the growing
 storage
 handling or transportation phases. We (i)&nbsp;maintain what we believe to be rigid
quality control standards and food safety systems and are SQF 2000 Code Level 2 certified
 (ii)&nbsp;generally inspect our nut and other food products by visual examination
 metal detectors or electronic monitors at various stages of our shelling
and processing operations
 (iii)&nbsp;work with the United States Department of Agriculture (&#147;USDA&#148;) in its inspection of peanuts shipped to and from our peanut shelling facilities
 (iv)&nbsp;maintain environmental pathogen programs
 and
(v)&nbsp;seek to comply with the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act by labeling each product that we sell with labels that disclose the nutritional value and content of each of our products; however
 no assurance can be given that some nut or
other food products sold by us may not contain or develop harmful substances. In order to mitigate this risk
 we strive to select high-quality nut suppliers and currently maintain product liability and contaminated product insurance at amounts we
believe are adequate in light of our operations. 
 


 

 and therefore
 an investment in our Common Stock is subject to risks and uncertainties. The factors
described below could materially and adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. While each risk is described separately
 some of these risks are interrelated and it is possible that certain risks could trigger the
applicability of other risks described below. Also
 the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us
 or that are currently deemed immaterial
 could also
potentially impair our business
 results of operations and financial condition. Investors should consider the following factors
 in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 including &#147;Part II
 Item&nbsp;7
&#151; Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#151; Liquidity and Capital Resources&#148; before deciding to purchase our Common Stock. 
We Cannot Control the Availability or Cost of Raw Materials and this May Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations
 Cash Flows and
The availability and cost of raw materials for the production of our products
 including peanuts
 pecans
 almonds
 cashews
walnuts and other nuts are subject to crop size and yield fluctuations caused by factors beyond our control
 such as weather conditions
 natural disasters (including floods
 droughts
 frosts
 earthquakes and hurricanes)
 plant diseases
 other
factors affecting global supply
 changes in global customer demand
 changes in government programs and purchasing behavior of certain countries
 including China. Additionally
 any determination by the USDA or other government agencies that certain
pesticides
 herbicides or other chemicals used by growers have left harmful residues on portions of the crop or that the crop has been contaminated by aflatoxin or other agents or any future product recalls could reduce the supply of edible nuts and
Because these raw materials are commodities
 their prices
are set by the market and can therefore fluctuate quickly and dramatically due to varied events
 such as those described above. Furthermore
 we are not able to hedge against changes in commodity prices because no appropriate futures or other market
for these commodities exists. Consequently
 in order to achieve or maintain profitability levels
 there is pressure to increase the prices of our products to reflect the increase in the costs of the raw materials that we use and sell. However
 we
may not be successful in passing along partial or full price increases to our customers
 if at all
 and we may not be able to do so in a timely fashion. Our ability to raise prices is often dependent upon the actions of our competitors
 some of whom
are significantly larger and more diversified than we are. Additionally
 any such product price increase that we are able to pass along to our customers may ultimately reduce the demand for
 and sales of
 our products as customers reduce purchases
or substitute products. For example
 we experienced a reduction in our sales volume (measured as pounds sold to customers) during fiscal 2012 that we believe was caused primarily by a reduction in demand due to the higher prices of tree nuts and
peanuts. Any one or more of the foregoing aspects may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition. 

 fluctuations in the market prices of nuts may affect the value of our inventories and profitability. We have significant inventories of nuts that
would be materially and adversely affected by any decrease in the market price of such raw materials. See Part II
 Item&nbsp;7 &#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#151; Liquidity
Significant Private Brand Competitive Activity Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and
Some customer buying decisions
 including some of our largest customers
 are based upon a periodic bidding process in which
the single
 successful bidder is assured the selling of its selected product to the food retailer
 supercenter or mass merchandiser until the next bidding process to the exclusion of other bidders. Our sales volume may decrease significantly if our
bid is too high and we lose the ability to sell products through these channels
 even temporarily. Alternatively
 we risk reducing our margins if our bid is successful but below our desired price points. In addition
 margins could be further reduced
if prices rise and customers are unwilling or unable to accept price increases. Any of these outcomes may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
Our Inability to Manage Successfully the Price Gap Between our Private Brand Products and Those of our Branded Competitors May Materially and Adversely
Although demand for private brand products has increased as a result of past and current economic conditions
 our
competitors&#146; branded products have certain advantages over our private brand products primarily due to their advertising strategies and name recognition. 

 private brand products generally sell at a discount to those of branded competitors. If branded competitors reduce the price of their
products
 the price of branded products offered to consumers may approximate the prices of our private 
 



brand products. Further
 promotional activities by branded competitors such as temporary price reductions
 buy-one-get-one-free offerings and coupons
 have the same general effect as price
decreases. Price decreases initiated by branded competitors could result in a decline in the demand for our private brand products
 which could negatively impact our sales volumes and overall profitability. Such sales volume and profitability
In addition
 many of our competitors with significant branded operations have
more diversified product offerings among a wider variety of food categories than we have. Such competitors could
 as a result of their size or diversified offerings
 be in a better position to decrease their costs for their branded products or offer
better promotions. If competitors are able to exploit their size or diversification to make significant price reductions
 it could decrease our sales
 which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 


preferences
 whether for name brand products or private brand products
 can quickly change based on a number of factors beyond our control. If we fail to anticipate
 identify or react quickly to these changes and are unable to introduce new and
improved products to meet consumer preferences
 demand for our products could suffer. In addition
 demand for our products could be affected by consumer concerns regarding the health effects of nutrients or ingredients in any of our products.
Reduction in demand as a result of changing consumer preferences could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

 our success in anticipating and offering products to our customers that appeal to their preferences depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly
changing media environment. We increasingly rely on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns as well as advertising outside of traditional print channels. Negative posts or comments about us on social networking Web sites or
similar online activity could seriously impact consumer demand for our products. We are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions on how we market our products. These restrictions may limit our ability to respond to changing tastes
as the media and communications environment continues to evolve. If we do not react appropriately
 then our product sales
 financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
We Sometimes Enter Into Fixed Price Commitments without First Knowing Our Acquisition Costs
 Which Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Financial
A substantial portion of our commercial ingredient sales customers
 and certain other customers
 require us to
enter into fixed price commitments with them. Such commitments represented approximately 15% of our annual net sales in fiscal 2014. The commitments are for a fixed period of time
 typically three months to twelve months
 but may be extended if
remaining balances exist. Sometimes we enter into fixed price commitments with respect to certain of our nut products before fixing our acquisition costs in order to maintain customer relationships or when
 in management&#146;s judgment
 market or
crop harvest conditions so warrant. To the extent we do so and the fixed prices are not properly aligned with our acquisition costs
 then these fixed price commitments may result in reduced or negative gross profit margins which could have a
Our Generally Vertically Integrated Model Could Materially and
We have a generally vertically integrated nut processing operation that enables us to control almost
every step of the process for pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
 including procurement from growers. Our generally vertically integrated model has in the past resulted
 and may in the future result
 in significant losses because we are subject to the
various risks associated with purchasing a majority of our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers
 including the risk of purchasing such products from growers at costs that later
 due to altered market conditions
 prove to be above market
prices. Accordingly
 because we purchase a majority of our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers during harvest season and shell and process these nuts throughout our fiscal year
 there is a possibility that
 after we acquire these nuts
market conditions may change and we will be forced to sell these nuts at a loss which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 


We Operate in a Competitive Environment Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect our Financial Condition
We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our principal products compete against food and snack products
manufactured and sold by numerous regional
 national and international companies
 some of which are substantially larger and have greater resources than us
 such as Kraft Foods Group
 Inc. (Planters brand)
 ConAgra Foods
 Inc.
 Diamond Foods
 Inc.
(Emerald and Diamond brands) and Treehouse Foods
 Inc. Most of our competitors that sell and market the other top branded snack nut products have committed more resources to such brands when compared to the resources spent by us on our brands. Our
retail competitors buy their nuts on the open market and are thus not exposed to the risks of purchasing inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers at fixed prices that later
 due to altered market conditions
 may prove to be above
prevailing market prices. We also compete with other shellers in the commercial ingredient market and with regional processors in the retail and wholesale markets. In order to maintain or increase our market share
 we must continue to price our
products competitively
 which may lower revenue per pound and cause a decline in gross profit margin if we are unable to increase unit volumes as well as reduce our costs
 which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and
We are Dependent Upon Certain Significant Customers Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition
We are dependent on a few significant customers for a large portion of our total net sales
 particularly in
the consumer channel. Sales to our five largest customers represented approximately 57% of net sales in fiscal 2014 and 56% of net sales in both fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012. There can be no assurance that all significant customers will continue to
purchase our products in the same quantities
 same product mix or on the same terms as in the past
 particularly as increasingly powerful retailers may demand lower pricing or other terms which impact our profitability. A loss of one of our largest
customers or a material decrease in purchases by one of our largest customers
 or a significant business interruption at one of our largest customers would result in decreased sales and would materially and adversely affect our results of
operations
We are Subject to Customer Pricing Pressures Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our
As the retail grocery trade continues to consolidate and our retail customers grow larger
 become
more sophisticated and obtain more purchasing power
 our retail customers are demanding lower pricing
 especially private brand customers
 and increased free or discounted promotional programs. Further
 these retail customers may begin to place a
greater emphasis on the lowest-cost supplier in making purchasing decisions especially under current economic conditions and during periods of increased raw material acquisition costs. An increased focus on the lowest-cost supplier could reduce the
benefits of some of our competitive advantages
 which include a focus on customer service
 innovation
 production capacity
 category management and quality. Our sales volume growth could suffer
 and it may become necessary to lower our prices and
increase promotional support of our products
 any of which would materially and adversely affect our gross profit and gross profit margin and could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
Food Safety
 Allergy and Product Contamination Concerns Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Financial Condition and Results of Operations
If consumers in our principal markets lose confidence in the safety of nut products
 particularly with respect to peanut and tree nut allergies
food borne illnesses or other food safety matters
 this could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Individuals with nut allergies may be at risk of serious illness or death resulting from the consumption
of our nut products
 including consumption of other companies&#146; products containing our products as an ingredient. Notwithstanding our existing food safety controls
 we process peanuts and tree nuts on the same equipment
 and there is no
guarantee that our products will not be cross-contaminated. Concerns generated by risks of peanut and tree nut cross-contamination and other food safety matters
 including food borne illnesses
 may discourage consumers from buying our products
cause production and delivery disruptions
 or result in product recalls. Product safety issues (i)&nbsp;concerning products not manufactured
 distributed or sold by us and (ii)&nbsp;concerning products we manufacture
 distribute and sell
 may
materially and adversely affect demand for products in the nut industry as a whole
 including products without actual safety problems. Decreases in demand for products in the industry generally could have a material adverse affect on our financial
condition and results of operations. In addition
 the cooling system at the Elgin
 Illinois facility utilizes ammonia. If a leak in the system were to occur
 there is a possibility that the inventory in cold storage at the Elgin
 Illinois facility
could be destroyed which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 


The Risk Assessment Conducted by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on the Risks of Tree Nuts May Have a
Material Adverse Effect on Our Financial Condition
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&#147;FDA&#148;)
intends on assessing the risks of Salmonella contamination associated with tree nuts. The results and impact of this risk assessment could lead to increased industry-specific regulation and/or additional risk-based preventive controls which may
result in increased compliance costs which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. 
Product Liability
 Product Recalls and Product Labeling Claims May Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations and Cash Flows
We face risks associated with product liability claims and product recalls in the event:&nbsp;(i) our food safety and quality control procedures
are ineffective or fail
 (ii)&nbsp;we procure products from third parties that are or become subject to a recall
 regardless of&nbsp;whether or not our food safety and quality&nbsp;control procedures are ineffective or fail
 (iii)&nbsp;our products
cause injury or become adulterated or misbranded or (iv)&nbsp;our products are determined to be promoted or labeled in a misleading fashion. In addition
 we do not control the labeling of other companies&#146; products containing our products as an
ingredient. A product recall of a sufficient quantity
 a significant product liability judgment against us
 or other safety concerns could cause our products to be unavailable for a period of time and could result in a loss of consumer confidence in
our products. If these kinds of events were to occur
 they would have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products and
 consequently
 our results of operations and cash flows. 
We are Dependent on Certain Key Personnel and the Loss of Any of Their Services Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations
Our future success will be largely dependent on the personal efforts of our senior operating management team
 including Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
Chief Executive Officer
 Michael J. Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary
 James A. Valentine
 Chief Information Officer and Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Chief Operating Officer
 President and Assistant Secretary. We
believe that the expertise and knowledge of these individuals in the industry
 and in their respective fields
 is a critical factor to our growth and success. Although some of our officers own significant amounts of our Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
these individuals have not entered into any employment or non-compete agreement with us
 nor do we have key officer insurance coverage policies in effect. The departure of any of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business
and prospects and that in turn would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our success is also dependent upon our ability to attract and retain additional qualified personnel
 and there can be no assurance that we will be able
to do so
We are Subject to Government Regulation Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our
We are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA
 the USDA
 the United States Environmental Protection Agency
(&#147;EPA&#148;) and other state
 local and foreign authorities in jurisdictions where our products are manufactured
 processed or sold. Among other things
 these regulations govern the manufacturing
 importation
 processing
 packaging
 storage
distribution and labeling of our products. Our manufacturing and processing facilities and products are subject to periodic compliance inspections by federal
 state
 local and foreign authorities. We are also subject to environmental regulations
governing the discharge of air emissions
 water and food waste
 the usage and storage of pesticides
 and the generation
 handling
 storage
 transportation
 treatment and disposal of waste materials. Amendments to existing statutes and regulations
adoption of new statutes and regulations
 increased production at our existing facilities as well as our expansion into new operations and jurisdictions
 may require us to obtain additional licenses and permits and could require us to adapt or alter
methods of operations at costs that could be substantial. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be time-consuming
 expensive or costly to us in different ways and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Failure
to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 as well as possible criminal sanctions
 which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 

 governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry
 such as taxes
 tariffs
 duties
 subsidies
 incentives
 and import and export
restrictions on agricultural commodities and commodity products
 can influence the planting of certain crops
 the location and size of crop production
 whether commodity products are traded
 the volume and types of imports and exports
 the viability
and volume of production of certain of our products
 and industry profitability. In addition
 international trade disputes can adversely affect commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. Future government
policies may adversely affect the supply of
 demand for
 and prices of our products
 restrict our ability to do business in its existing and target markets
 and negatively impact our revenues and operating results. Changes in regulatory requirements
(such as requirements designed to enhance food safety or marketing)
 or evolving interpretations of existing regulatory requirements
 may result in increased compliance costs
 capital expenditures and other financial obligations that could
materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 



national food supply
 including increased inspections and mandatory recalls
 as well as stricter enforcement actions
 each of which could result in additional compliance costs and civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 withdrawals
 recalls or
seizures and confiscations. The FSMA further instructed the FDA to develop new rules and regulations
 including the performance of hazard analyses
 implementation of preventive plans to control hazards
 and foreign supplier verification provisions.
We currently have &#147;hazard analysis and critical control points&#148; (&#147;HACCP&#148;) processes and procedures in place that may appropriately address many of the existing or future concerns arising out of the FSMA; however
 any new FDA
rules and regulations could require us change certain of our operational processes and procedures
 or implement new ones
 and there could also be unforeseen issues
 requirements and costs that arise as the FDA promulgates its new rules and
regulations. HACCP is a management system in which food safety is addressed through the analysis and control of hazards from raw material production
 procurement and handling
 to manufacturing
 distribution and consumption of the finished product.
We are a publicly traded company and subject to changing rules and regulations of federal and state governments as well as the stock exchange on which
our Common Stock is listed. These entities
 including the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 the SEC
 the Department of Justice and the Nasdaq Global Select Market
 have issued a significant number of new and increasingly complex
requirements and regulations over the course of the last several years and continue to develop additional regulations and requirements in response to laws enacted by Congress. Our efforts to comply with these requirements have resulted in
 and are
likely to continue to result in
 an increase in expenses and a diversion of management&#146;s time from other business activities. Failure to comply with any law or regulation could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines and injunctions
 as
well as possible criminal sanctions
Operational
 Legal
 Economic
 Political
and Social Risks of Doing Business in Emerging Markets and Other Foreign Countries May Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations 

Vietnam
 India
 Brazil and Africa and some of our pecans from Mexico
 which are in many respects emerging markets. We are continually looking to expand our sales internationally and enter new emerging and established markets
 including markets
within Asia. To this extent
 we are exposed to risks inherent in emerging markets
 including: 


















 such as imposition of higher interest rates and wage and price controls; 


















 and subjection to
 international laws
 including our ability to protect our intellectual property
 such as our brands; 







 such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; 


















 duties
 trade laws and other barriers to trade that may reduce our profitability or sales; and 





The existence of these and other risks in emerging
markets and other foreign countries could jeopardize or limit our ability to purchase sufficient supplies of cashews and other imported raw materials and limit our ability to make international sales
 and may materially and adversely affect our
The Way in Which We Measure Inventory
We acquire our inshell nut inventories of pecans
 peanuts and walnuts from growers
and farmers in large quantities at harvest times
 which are primarily during the second and third quarters of our fiscal year
 and receive nut shipments in bulk truckloads. The weights of these nuts are measured using truck scales at the time of
receipt
 and inventories are recorded on the basis of those measurements. The nuts are then stored in bulk in large warehouses to be shelled or processed throughout the year. Bulk-stored nut inventories are relieved on the basis of continuous
high-speed bulk weighing systems as the nuts are shelled or processed or on the basis of calculations derived from the weight of the shelled nuts that are produced. While we perform various procedures

 



periodically to confirm the accuracy of our bulk-stored nut inventories
 these inventories are estimates that must be periodically adjusted to account for positive or negative variations in
quantities and yields
 and such adjustments directly affect earnings. The quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates
 which
historically averaged less than 1.0% of inventory purchases
 are also recorded. The precise amount of our bulk-stored nut inventories is not known until the entire quantity of the particular nut is depleted
 which may not necessarily occur every
year. Prior crop year inventories may still be on hand as the new crop year inventories are purchased. The majority of bulk-stored nut inventories at June&nbsp;26
 2014 were processed during the first quarter of fiscal 2015
 before any new crop
inventories were purchased
 thus enabling us to adjust the bulk-stored nut inventories at June&nbsp;26
 2014. There can be no assurance that such inventory quantity adjustments will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in
Certain of Our Stockholders Possess a Majority of Aggregate Voting Power in the Company
 Which May Make a Takeover or Change in Control
More or Less Difficult; and The Sanfilippo Group Has Pledged a Substantial Amount of their Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 Either of Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition
 Results of Operations and Cash Flows 

&nbsp;2014
 Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Sr.
 Marian Sanfilippo
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Lisa A. Sanfilippo
 John E.
Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo (the &#147;Sanfilippo Group&#148;) own or control Common Stock (one vote per share) and Class&nbsp;A Common Stock (ten votes per share on all matters other than the election of Common Stock directors) representing
approximately a 51.5% voting interest in the Company. As of August&nbsp;27
 2014
 Michael J. Valentine and Mathias A. Valentine (the &#147;Valentine Group&#148;) own or control Common Stock (one vote per share) and Class&nbsp;A Common Stock (ten
votes per share on all matters other than the election of Common Stock directors) representing approximately a 24.1% voting interest in the Company. In addition
 the Sanfilippo Group and the Valentine Group are entitled to elect six Class&nbsp;A
Directors which represents 66% of the entire board. As a result
 the Sanfilippo Group and the Valentine Group together are able to direct the election of a majority of the members to the Board of Directors. In addition
 the Sanfilippo Group is able
to exert certain influence on our business
 or take certain actions
 that cannot be counteracted by another stockholder or group of stockholders. The Sanfilippo Group is able to determine the outcome of nearly all matters submitted to a vote of our
stockholders
 including any amendments to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws. The Sanfilippo Group has the power to prevent or cause a change in control or sale of the Company which may or may not be in the best interests of the other
holders of Common Stock
 and can take other actions that may be less favorable to our other stockholders and more favorable to the Sanfilippo Group
 subject to applicable legal limitations
 which could materially and adversely affect our financial
condition
In addition
 several members of the Sanfilippo Group that beneficially own a significant interest in our
Company have pledged a substantial portion of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Stock that they own to secure loans made to them by commercial banks. If a stockholder defaults on any of its obligations under these pledge agreements or the related loan
documents
 these banks may have the right to sell the pledged shares. Such a sale could cause our Company&#146;s stock price to decline. Many of the occurrences that could result in a foreclosure of the pledged shares are out of our control and are
unrelated to our operations. Because these shares are pledged to secure loans
 the occurrence of an event of default could result in a sale of pledged shares that could cause a change of control of our Company
 even when such a change may not be in
the best interests of our stockholders
 and it could also result in a default under certain material contracts to which we are a party
 including an event of default under the Credit Agreement by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
(f/k/a Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC)
 as the arranger and administrative agent and a syndicate of lenders
 dated February&nbsp;7
 2008 (as amended
 the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;)
 which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition
results of operations and cash flows. 
 


Essentially all of Our Real Property is Encumbered
 Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Ability
to Obtain Additional Capital if Required Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition
 Results of Operations and Cash Flows 

 which is secured by essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
California and Garysburg
 North Carolina. Because essentially all of our owned real property is encumbered
 such properties are not available as a means of securing further capital in the event that additional capital is required because of
unexpected events
 losses or other circumstances
 which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. 


 including uncertainty in economic conditions and an economic downturn
 and political uncertainties
including political action or inaction having an impact on the economy
 could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations
 results of operations and financial condition. These conditions may include
 among other things
 higher
unemployment
 increased commodity costs
 increased raw material costs
 increased packaging material prices
 decreases or alterations in consumer demand
 changes in buying patterns
 interest rate and capital market volatility
 a weakened U.S. dollar
and higher general energy
 transportation and fuel costs. Maintaining the prices of our products
 initiating price increases (including passing along price increases for commodities used in our products) and increasing the demand for our products
all of which are important to our plans to increase profitability
 may be materially and adversely affected by general economic conditions. Among other considerations
 nuts and our other products are not essential products and therefore demand and
sales volume could decrease. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 


 and we may become the subject of litigation and investigations in the future. Plaintiffs
or regulatory bodies could seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts
 and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to lawsuits and investigations is difficult to accurately estimate.&nbsp;Regardless of whether any claims against us
are valid
 or whether we are ultimately held liable
 such litigation and investigations may be expensive to defend and may divert time and money away from our operations and negatively impact our financial performance.&nbsp;A judgment or settlement
for significant monetary damages or requiring other significant changes to our business or assets could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.&nbsp;Any adverse publicity resulting from allegations or
investigations may also adversely affect our reputation
 which in turn could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 


 including
 among other things
 (i)&nbsp;interfacing with our locations
customers and suppliers
 (ii)&nbsp;complying with financial reporting
 legal and tax regulatory requirements
 (iii)&nbsp;maintaining inventory control and monitoring systems and (iv)&nbsp;providing us with real-time feedback about our business. Like
other companies
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control
 including natural disasters
 terrorist attacks
 telecommunications failures
 computer viruses
 hackers
 cyber risks
and other security issues. We have technology security initiatives and disaster recovery plans in place or in process to mitigate our risk to these vulnerabilities
 but these measures may not be adequate. In addition
 if we are unable to prevent
security breaches or disclosure of non-public information
 we may suffer financial and reputational damage
 litigation or remediation costs or penalties because of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our
partners
 customers
 consumers
 or suppliers. While we have not experienced any significant disruption or failure of our information technology systems
 any such disruption or failure could adversely affect our financial condition and results of
Our Products are Processed at a Limited Number of Production Facilities and any Significant Disruption at any of Our Production
Our products are shelled
 manufactured or
otherwise processed at our five production facilities. However
 certain nut and nut-related products
 including the shelling of peanuts
 walnuts and pecans and processing and packaging of certain other products
 are conducted only at a single
location. If any of these production facilities experiences a disruption for any reason
 including a work stoppage
 power failure
 fire
 or weather related condition or natural disaster
 this could result in a significant reduction or elimination of
the availability of some of our products. If we were not able to obtain alternate production
 shelling or processing capability in a timely manner or on satisfactory terms
 this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations. 
 


Inability to Protect Our Intellectual Property or Avoid Intellectual Property Disputes Could Materially and
We consider our intellectual property rights
 particularly and most notably our

 trademarks)
 but also our patents
 trade secrets
 copyrights and licensing agreements
 to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We
attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent
 trademark
 copyright and trade secret laws
 as well as licensing agreements
 third party nondisclosure and assignment agreements and policing of third party misuses
of our intellectual property both domestically and internationally. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our trademarks
 products
 new features of our products
 or our technology
 or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or
remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property
 may diminish our competitiveness and could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

 we may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technology
 brands or products. Any disputes regarding
patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Third party claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us
to enter into costly license agreements. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products if found to be liable for infringing activity. Any such activities could materially and adversely
Unsuccessful Implementation of Our Strategic Plan Could Materially and Adversely Affect
We developed a five-year strategic plan (the &#147;Strategic Plan&#148;) during fiscal 2009 and
have updated the Strategic Plan from time to time
 most recently in fiscal 2013
 to help us achieve long-term profitable growth. As part of this Strategic Plan
 we have taken a number of actions including
 among other things
 the 2010 acquisition of
OVH
 promotion of our branded and snack nut products
 international expansion and other related strategies related to increasing sales of non-branded business at existing key customers. We are taking these actions in order to increase sales in all
of our distribution channels. There are no assurances that we will be successful in achieving any portion of our Strategic Plan
 or any other efficiency measures. 

 we have in the past
 as part of our Strategic Plan
 engaged in strategic acquisitions and joint ventures. However
 we may be unable to
successfully manage our existing acquisitions or joint ventures or identify additional acquisitions or joint ventures which are attractive or advantageous to grow or otherwise supplement our existing business. We may be unable to achieve a
substantial portion of any anticipated cost savings from previous acquisitions or joint ventures or other anticipated benefits in the timeframe we anticipate
 or at all. 

operations. 
 


 


in Elgin
 Illinois that houses our primary manufacturing operations and corporate headquarters (the &#147;Elgin Site&#148;). The remaining principal production facilities are located in Bainbridge
 Georgia; Garysburg
 North Carolina; Selma
 Texas
and Gustine
 California. In addition
As described below in Part II
 Item&nbsp;7 &#151;
&#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#151; Liquidity and Capital Resources&#148;
 the Mortgage Facility (as defined below) is secured by mortgages on essentially all of our owned real
property located in Elgin
 Illinois; Gustine
 California and Garysburg
We believe that our facilities are generally well maintained and
in good operating condition. 




























Constructed








Bainbridge
 Georgia










Peanut shelling
 purchasing


 packaging
warehousing
and distribution









Garysburg
 North Carolina










Peanut shelling
 purchasing


 packaging
warehousing
and distribution









Selma
 Texas










Pecan shelling
 processing
 bulk

 warehousing and










Gustine
 California










Walnut shelling
 processing


 warehousing and










Elgin
 Illinois




















Elgin
 Illinois



001







Processing
 packaging


 distribution and








 Illinois
 which we originally anticipated using in connection with our facility consolidation project (the &#147;Old Elgin Site&#148;). For a description of the Old Elgin Site
 including
its sale
 see Part II
 Item&nbsp;7 &#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#151; Real Estate Matters&#148;. 









building may be leased to third parties; however
 there can be no assurance that we will be able to lease the unoccupied space. Further capital expenditures will likely be necessary to lease all of the remaining space. 




 Chicago area processing
activities and Chicago area distribution operations. 
 


b. Manufacturing Capability
 Utilization
 Technology and Engineering 


from raw storage to processing to packaging to distribution. The Elgin Site was designed to minimize the risk of cross contamination between tree nuts and peanuts. Also
 the Elgin Site is designed to accommodate an increase in production capacity of
The Selma facility contains our automated pecan shelling and bulk packaging operation. The facility&#146;s pecan shelling production lines
currently have the capacity to shell in excess of 90&nbsp;million inshell pounds of pecans annually. During fiscal 2014
 we processed approximately 42&nbsp;million inshell pounds of pecans at the Selma facility. 

and cleans
 shells
 sizes
 inspects
 blanches
 roasts and packages them for sale to our customers. The production line at the Bainbridge facility is almost entirely automated and has the capacity to shell approximately 120&nbsp;million inshell
pounds of peanuts annually. During fiscal 2014
The Garysburg
facility has the capacity to process approximately 60&nbsp;million inshell pounds of farmer stock peanuts annually. During fiscal 2014
 the Garysburg facility processed approximately 13&nbsp;million pounds of inshell peanuts. 

 processing
 warehousing and distribution. This facility has the capacity to shell in excess of
60&nbsp;million inshell pounds of walnuts annually. During fiscal 2014
 the Gustine facility shelled approximately 38&nbsp;million inshell pounds of walnuts. 

 Garysburg
 Selma
 and Gustine facilities are equipped to handle the processing
 packaging
 warehousing and distribution
 and in the case of
our Bainbridge and Garysburg facilities
 the purchasing of nuts. Furthermore
 at our Elgin Site
 we process
 package
 warehouse and distribute nuts. We currently have more than sufficient capacity at our facilities to handle the aforementioned
We
are a party to various lawsuits
 proceedings and other matters arising out of the conduct of our business. Currently
 it is management&#146;s opinion that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect upon our
business
 financial condition
For a discussion of our legal proceedings
 investigations
 settlements and other
contingencies
 see &#147;Note 7&#151;Commitments and Contingent Liabilities&#148; in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II
 Item&nbsp;8 of this Form 10-K. 
Not
applicable. 
 


 

 the following executive officer description
information is included as an unnumbered item in Part I of this Report in lieu of being included in the Proxy Statement for our annual meeting of stockholders to be held on October&nbsp;29
 2014. Below are our executive officers as of
August&nbsp;27
Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Chief Executive Officer
 age 51 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo has been employed by us since 1991 and in
November 2006 was named our Chief Executive Officer. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo served as our Executive Vice President Sales and Marketing from January 2001 to November 2006. He served as our Senior Vice President Sales and Marketing from August 1999 to
January 2001. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo has been a member of our Board of Directors since August 1999. He served as General Manager West Coast Operations from September 1991 to September 1993. He served as Vice President West Coast Operations and Sales
from October 1993 to September 1995
Michael J.
Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary
 age 55 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Valentine has been employed by us since 1987. In November 2006
 Mr.&nbsp;Valentine was named our Chief Financial Officer and Group President and
 in May
2007
 Mr.&nbsp;Valentine was named our Secretary. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as our Executive Vice President Finance
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary from January 2001 to November 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as our Senior Vice President and
Secretary from August 1999 to January 2001. He has been a member of our Board of Directors since April 1997. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as our Vice President and Secretary from December 1995 to August 1999. He served as an Assistant Secretary and the
General Manager of External Operations for us from June 1987 and 1990
 respectively
 to December 1995. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine&#146;s responsibilities also include peanut
 imported nut and other ingredient procurement and contract packaging business.
Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Chief Operating Officer
 President and Assistant Secretary
 age 46 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo has been employed by us
since 1992. In November 2006
 Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo was named our Chief Operating Officer and President and
 in May 2007
 Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo was named our Treasurer and held that position until January 2009. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo served as our
Executive Vice President Operations
 retaining his position as Assistant Secretary
 which he assumed in December 1995 from 2001 to November 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo became a member of our Board of Directors in December 2003. He became our Senior
Vice President Operations in August 1999 and served as Vice President Operations from December 1995 to August 1999. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo was the General Manager of our Gustine
 California facility beginning in October 1995
 and from
June 1992 to October 1995 he served as Assistant Treasurer and worked in our Financial Relations Department. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo is responsible for overseeing our non-peanut shelling operations
 including plant operations and procurement. 
James A. Valentine
 Chief Information Officer
 age 50 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Valentine has been employed by us since 1986 and in November 2006 was named our
Chief Information Officer. He served as our Executive Vice President Information Technology from August 2001 to November 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as Senior Vice President Information Technology from January 2000 to August 2001 and as Vice
Michael G. Cannon
 Senior Vice President
 Corporate Operations
 age
61 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Cannon joined us in October 2005 as Senior Vice President of Operations. Previously
 he was Vice President of Operations at Sugar Foods Corp.
 a manufacturer and distributor of food products
 from 1995 to October 2005.
Thomas J. Fordonski
 Senior Vice President
 Human
Resources
 age 61 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Fordonski joined us in August
 2007 as Vice President of Human Resources and was promoted to Senior Vice President of Human Resources in January 2010.&nbsp;Previously
 he was Director of Human Resources for
Continental AG
 a German-based global manufacturer of electronic automotive equipment.&nbsp;Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Fordonski was at Motorola
 Incorporated for 25 years
 with his career culminating as the Director of Human Resources for the global
supply chain in the messaging and cellular communications business.&nbsp;He is responsible for leading the human resources activities and functions. 
Walter (Bobby) Tankersley Jr.
 Senior Vice President
 Procurement and Commodity Risk Management
 age 62 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Tankersley has been employed by
us since January 2002 and was named Senior Vice President of Procurement and Commodity Risk Management in January 2011. Previously
 Mr.&nbsp;Tankersley was Senior Vice President of Industrial Sales. He has over 30 years of experience in the nut
industry where he was previously Vice President of Sales&nbsp;&amp; Marketing at the Young Pecan Company and Director of Industrial Sales at the Mauna Loa Macadamia Nut Company. Mr.&nbsp;Tankersley is responsible for procurement of almonds
 walnuts
macadamias and pistachios as well as providing commodity analysis
 crop forecasts
 and consumption trend analysis for various nut commodities. 
 


Frank S. Pellegrino
 Senior Vice President
 Finance and Corporate Controller
 age 40 &#151;
Mr.&nbsp;Pellegrino joined us in January 2007 as Director of Accounting and was appointed Corporate Controller in September 2007. In January 2009
 he was named Vice President Finance and Corporate Controller. In August 2012
 he was promoted to
Senior Vice President
 Finance. Previously
 Mr.&nbsp;Pellegrino was Internal Audit Manager at W.W. Grainger
 a business-to-business distributor
 from June 2003 to January 2007. Prior to that
 he was a Manager in the Assurance Practice of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 where he was employed from 1996 to 2003. Mr.&nbsp;Pellegrino is responsible for our accounting and finance functions. 
Christopher Gardier
 Senior Vice President
 Consumer Sales
 age 54&nbsp;&#151;&nbsp;Mr.&nbsp;Gardier joined us in May&nbsp;2010 as Vice President
Consumer Sales. In August 2012
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was promoted to Senior Vice President
 Consumer Sales. Previously
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was the Vice President Sales for the Snacks Division at The Hain Celestial Group
 where he led a national sales team
of eight regional managers selling natural and organic salty snack brands. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was a Customer Vice President
 Central Region at Pepperidge Farm for six years
 where he led a team of independent biscuit and bakery
distributors covering 13 Midwestern states. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was a Director of National Accounts at Frito Lay for almost five years
 where he led a sales and operations team responsible for the mass merchandising channel.
Mr.&nbsp;Gardier is responsible for leading our Consumer Sales efforts
Howard
Brandeisky
 Senior Vice President
 Global Marketing and Customer Solutions

 Marketing&nbsp;&amp; Innovation. His role was expanded to include Customer Solutions in March
2011. In October 2013
 he was promoted to Senior Vice President
 Global Marketing and Customer Solutions. Previously
 he was an independent consultant in the food industry for a year. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Brandeisky was at Kraft Foods
 Inc. for
24 years
 with his career culminating as a Vice President of Marketing. He is responsible for leading the marketing
 consumer insights
 creative services
 and customer solutions activities and functions. 


 a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the father of Michael J. Valentine
 an executive officer and director of the Company
 and James
A. Valentine
 an executive officer of the Company
 (ii)&nbsp;the uncle of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr. and Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 executive officers and directors of the Company
 and James J. Sanfilippo
 a director of the Company. 

 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary and a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the son of Mathias A. Valentine
(ii)&nbsp;the brother of James A. Valentine
 (iii)&nbsp;and&nbsp;the cousin of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo. 

 Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the brother of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr. and James J. Sanfilippo
Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Chief
Operating Officer
 President and a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the brother of Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo
 (ii)&nbsp;the nephew of Mathias A. Valentine and (iii)&nbsp;the cousin of Michael J. Valentine and James A.
James J. Sanfilippo
 a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the brother of Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 (ii)&nbsp;the
James A. Valentine
 Chief Information Officer of
the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the son of Mathias A. Valentine
 (ii)&nbsp;the brother of Michael J. Valentine and (iii)&nbsp;the cousin of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo. 

 a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;a nephew by marriage of Mathias A. Valentine
 director of the Company and (ii)&nbsp;the first
cousin by marriage of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Michael J. Valentine and James A. Valentine
 executive officers and certain of whom are also directors of the Company
 and James J. Sanfilippo
 a director of the Company. 
 


 


Directors
 rounded up to the nearest whole number
 and the holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock are entitled to elect the remaining directors. With respect to matters other than the election of directors or any matters for which class voting is required by
law
 the holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share while the holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock are entitled to ten votes per share. Our Class&nbsp;A Stock is not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and there is no established
public trading market for the Class&nbsp;A Stock. However
 each share of Class&nbsp;A Stock is convertible at the option of the holder at any time and from time to time (and
 upon the occurrence of certain events specified in our Restated
Certificate of Incorporation
Our Common Stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market and
our trading symbol is &#147;JBSS&#148;. The following tables set forth
 for the quarters indicated
 the high and low reported sales prices for the Common Stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 


















Year Ended June&nbsp;26
 2014























































Year Ended June 27
 2013















































 



cumulative total returns of the Russell 2000 Consumer Staples Index and the Russell 2000 Index. The graph tracks the performance of a $100 investment in our Common Stock
 in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from June&nbsp;26
 2009
to June&nbsp;26
 2014. 

 Inc.
 the Russell 2000 Index
 


 




 2009 in stock or index
Indexes
The information contained in the preceding performance graph shall not be deemed to be &#147;soliciting material&#148;
or to be &#147;filed&#148; with the Commission
 nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act
 except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference in
As of August&nbsp;15
 2014 there were 54 holders and 17 holders of record of our Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock
 respectively. 

 the Class&nbsp;A Stock and the Common Stock are entitled to share equally on a share for share basis in any
dividends declared by the Board of Directors on our common equity. However
 our current financing agreements prohibit (except as consented to by our lenders) the payment of dividends other than in the form of Common Stock. See Part II
 Item&nbsp;7
&#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#151; Liquidity and Capital Resources &#151; Financing Arrangements.&#148; 

 2013
 our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend. A $1.50 special cash dividend was paid to holders of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A
Stock on December&nbsp;5
 2013. On December&nbsp;10
 2012
 our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend for the first time since 1995. A $1.00 special cash dividend was paid to holders of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock on December&nbsp;28
For purposes of the calculation of the aggregate market value of our voting stock held by non-affiliates as set forth on the cover page of this
Report
 we did not consider any of the siblings of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Sr. (our former chairman of the board) or Mathias A. Valentine
 or any of the lineal descendants of either Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Sr. Mathias A. Valentine or such siblings
(other than those who are our executive officers or who have formed a group within the meaning of Section&nbsp;13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
 with either Jasper B. Sanfilippo Sr. or
Mathias A. Valentine) as an affiliate. See &#147;Review of Related Party Transactions&#148; and &#147;Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management&#148; contained in our Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting and
&#147;Relationships Among Certain Directors and Executive Officers&#148; appearing immediately before Part II of this Report. 
 


 

 2014
 with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance pursuant to equity compensation
Equity
Compensation Plan Information 


















exercise&nbsp;of&nbsp;options



options



(excluding
securities















705















830




















 as amended
 a total of 599
705 equity based stock awards are available for distribution
 of which 114
830 may be used for grants of Common Stock
 restricted stock and restricted
stock units. 
 


 

 2014
 June&nbsp;27
 2013
&nbsp;June&nbsp;28
 2012
June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2011 and June&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2010 was derived from our consolidated financial statements. The financial data should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
 which are included
elsewhere herein
 and with Item&nbsp;7 &#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148;. The information below is not necessarily indicative of the results of future operations. 
(dollars in thousands
 except per share data) 
































June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;24





































































































































Gain on sale of assets held for sale
 net

























































































































Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net








































































































































































































































































June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;24

























































Long-term debt
 less current maturities
















































































 


Item&nbsp;7 &#151; Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. Our fiscal year ends on the final Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists of fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week quarters). Additional information on the comparability of the periods presented is as follows: 







 2015. 






 fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012 are to the fiscal years ended June&nbsp;26
 2014
 June&nbsp;27
 2013 and&nbsp;June&nbsp;28
 2012
 respectively. 

 unless the context otherwise indicates
 the terms &#147;Company&#148;
 &#147;we&#148;
 &#147;us&#148;
 &#147;our&#148; or &#147;the
Company&#148; refer collectively to John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. and our wholly-owned subsidiaries
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC and Sanfilippo (Shanghai) Trading Co. Ltd. Our Credit Facility and Mortgage Facility
 as defined
below
We are one of the leading processors and distributors of
peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts

brand names. We also market and
distribute
 and in most cases manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 nut clusters
 sunflower kernels
 dried fruit
 corn
snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under private brands and brand names. We distribute our products in the consumer
 commercial ingredients
 contract packaging and export distribution channels. 

long-term goals include: 




 into leading nut brands by focusing on consumers demanding quality nuts in the snacking
 recipe and produce categories
 






 and 






customers. We also won &#147;quality supplier of the year&#148; from one of our largest contract packaging customers. During the second half of fiscal 2013 we were recognized as the &#147;supplier of the year&#148; by two significant private brand
customers
 one of which is our largest. In addition
 brand business in China by improving our distributor network and leveraging Sanfilippo (Shanghai) Trading Co. Ltd. to support our long-term business
 recipe nut products continued to increase during fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013. This growth was achieved through a combination of increased in store merchandising activity which led to
increased sales to existing customers combined with distribution to new recipe nut customers. Finally
 during fiscal 2014
 and especially during the fourth quarter
 sales volume and sales
We face a number of challenges in the future. Specific challenges
 among others
 include: high tree nut
commodity costs (due to the continued high demand for pecans and walnuts in China) and intensified competition for market share from both private brand and name brand nut products. Although we have been focusing on expanding our sales presence in
 brand
 these areas continue to be a relatively small part of our total revenues. We will continue to focus on seeking profitable business opportunities to further utilize our additional production
 brands
 and to develop new products for all product lines. We continue to see domestic
brand will be aided by more consistent commodity prices
for peanuts
 and tree nuts in fiscal 2015. We will continue to face the ongoing challenges specific to our business such as food safety and regulatory issues and the maintenance and growth of our customer base. See the information referenced in Part
I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; of this report for additional information about our risks
 challenges and uncertainties. 
 


 






 or 6.0%
 to $778.6 million from net sales of $734.3 million for fiscal 2013. 







 as a percentage of net sales
 decreased to 15.8% from 16.3% for fiscal 2013. 


























 an increase of 50% on a per-share basis over the special cash dividend paid in December 2012. 







 or 15.2%
 in comparison to the total value of inventories on hand at the end of fiscal 2013. 

 and acquisition costs remain at levels that are
significantly higher than historical averages. While we completed our procurement of the current year crop of inshell walnuts during the second quarter of fiscal 2014
 the total payments to our walnut growers were not determined until the third
quarter of fiscal 2014
 which is typical. The final prices paid to the walnut growers were based upon current market prices and other factors
 such as crop quality. At June&nbsp;26
 2014 there are no amounts due to walnut growers. 
The following table sets forth the
percentage relationship of certain items to net sales for the periods indicated and the percentage increase or decrease of such items from fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2013 and from fiscal 2013 to fiscal 2012. 










































































































































Our net sales increased 6.0% to $778.6
million for fiscal 2014 from $734.3 million for fiscal 2013. Sales volume (measured as pounds sold to customers) increased by 8.4% for fiscal 2014 in comparison to sales volume for fiscal 2013. The increase in net sales was primarily attributable to
the aforementioned sales volume increase
 specifically
 increased distribution in the consumer
 commercial ingredients and contract packaging channels. Approximately 55% of the total sales volume increase occurred in the consumer distribution
channel. 
 



upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments from gross sales to net sales
 such as promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product type. 













































































































For both fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013
 the largest component of the &#147;Other&#148; product type was trail and snack mixes
which include nut products. 









































































































 brand
 were approximately 31% and 30% of total consumer channel sales during fiscal 2014 and 2013
 respectively. 

 recipe nuts are the market share leader in the overall recipe nut category
 excluding wholesale club
 recipe nut
sales volume increased 22.5% from fiscal 2013
 recipe nut sales volume increase
 brand snack nut sales volume declined 15.2%
 snack nut customer due to competitive pricing pressure. Distribution was regained with this specific customer at the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2014.
As a result of our category management and innovation efforts
 sales volume of private brand snack nuts and trail mixes increased by 9.1% in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013. The above noted increase in sales volume in the consumer distribution
channel was offset in part by a volume decline for cashews
 primarily due to lost distribution with a major private brand customer in the first half of the current fiscal year that was regained in the latter part of the current fourth quarter. 

Net sales in the contract packaging distribution
channel increased by 14.2% in dollars and 19.2% in sales volume in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013. The increase in sales volume was due primarily to increased sales of almonds
 trail mixes and chocolate and yogurt coated products due to new
product launches executed by key customers in this channel. The increase in sales volume in fiscal 2014 was partially offset by a decrease in average selling price. 

volume was due primarily to decreased amounts of bulk inshell walnuts available for export. The decrease in volume was partially offset by a higher average selling price. 
Gross profit increased 2.4% to
$122.9 million in fiscal 2014 from $120.0 million in fiscal 2013. Our gross profit margin decreased to 15.8% of net sales for fiscal 2014 from 16.3% for fiscal 2013. The increase in gross profit came primarily from increased sales volume. The
decline in gross profit margin mainly occurred as a result of competitive pricing pressures that existed in the first two quarters of fiscal 2014
 and the delay in implementing selling price increases for almonds
 mixed nuts and

 



walnuts until the third quarter of fiscal 2014. The decline in gross profit margin was partially offset by our ongoing continuous improvement efforts which led to meaningful manufacturing
efficiency gains in the current fiscal year. The savings from these efforts allowed us to fund increases in direct labor wage rates in the latter part of the fiscal year. 
Operating expenses for fiscal
2014 decreased to 9.7% of net sales from 10.7% of net sales for fiscal 2013. This decrease is due in part to the $1.6 million pre-tax gain on the sale of the Old Elgin Site that occurred in the second quarter of fiscal 2014
 combined with a higher
Selling expenses for fiscal 2014 were $48.3 million
 an increase of $1.1 million
 or 2.4%
 over the amount recorded for fiscal 2013
due primarily to a $1.6 million increase in shipping expense due to increased sales volume. This increase in selling expense was partially offset by a $0.6 million decrease in marketing and advertising expense. 

 a decrease of $2.0 million
 or 6.3%
 from the amount recorded for fiscal 2013 due primarily to a
decrease in professional expenses of $1.2 million
Income from Operations
Due to the factors discussed above
 our income from our operations was $47.0 million
 or 6.0% of net sales
 for fiscal 2014
 compared to $41.6
million
 or 5.7% of net sales
 for fiscal 2013. 

Rental and Miscellaneous Expense
 Net 

maintenance expense on the exterior of our office building in Elgin
 Illinois. This maintenance project is approximately 40% complete and we expect the project to conclude in fiscal 2015. 
Income tax expense was $13.5
million
 or 34.0% of income before income taxes
 for fiscal 2014 compared to $13.5 million
 or 38.3% of income before income taxes for fiscal 2013. The decrease in the effective tax rate of fiscal 2014 is mainly due to the tax benefit of losses
realized through the Company&#146;s divestiture of its equity investment in ARMA Energy
 Inc. (&#147;AEI&#148;)
 an unconsolidated variable interest entity
 and cancellation of a secured promissory note due from AEI
 in the third quarter of fiscal
Net income was $26.3
million
 or $2.38 basic and $2.36 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2014
 compared to $21.8 million
 or $2.00 basic and $1.98 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2013
 due to the factors discussed above. 
Net Sales
Our net sales increased 4.8% to $734.3 million for fiscal 2013 from $700.6 million for fiscal 2012. Sales volume (measured as pounds sold to
customers) increased by 4.3% for fiscal 2013 in comparison to sales volume for fiscal 2012. The increase in net sales was primarily attributable to the aforementioned sales volume increase
 specifically
 increased distribution of Fisher snack and
recipe nuts and private brand snack nuts to both new and existing customers. The increase in sales volume was also attributable to the favorable impact of lower selling prices on consumer demand during the second half of the current fiscal year.

 



upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments from gross sales to net sales
 such as promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product type. 













































































































For both fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 the largest component of the &#147;Other&#148; product type was trail and snack mixes
which include nut products. 









































































































 brand
 were approximately 30% and 29% of total consumer channel sales during fiscal 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 

brand sales volume increased by 16.5% in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012 due primarily to higher sales to existing customers and approximately $8.5 million in sales to new recipe nut customers. Recent market data indicates that 
recipe nuts continue to gain significant market share in the overall recipe nut category. Private brand consumer sales volume increased by 3.1% in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012. Additionally
 sales volume for both private brand and branded nut
products were favorably impacted by an increase in consumer demand for nuts and nut products due to lower selling prices during the second half of fiscal 2013. 

sales volume increase was primarily due to increased sales of peanut and pecan products from lower selling prices and increased almond sales as a result of distribution gains achieved by a major existing customer. 

increase in sales dollars and sales volume was primarily due to new snack mix product launches and increased promotional activity implemented by a major existing customer during fiscal 2013. 

volume was due primarily to the unfavorable impact on customer demand of higher peanut prices that existed in the first two quarters of fiscal 2013 which was not offset by increased demand in the last two quarters of fiscal 2013. 
Gross profit increased 12.1% to
$120.0 million in fiscal 2013 from $107.1 million in fiscal 2012. Our gross profit margin increased to 16.3% of net sales for fiscal 2013 from 15.3% for fiscal 2012. The increases in gross profit and gross profit margin are primarily due to improved
alignment of selling prices with commodity acquisition costs that occurred in the first half of fiscal 2013 combined with efficiency improvements within the manufacturing process that were achieved in the second half of fiscal 2013. 
 


 


 an increase of $2.0 million
 or 4.5%
 over the amount recorded for fiscal 2012 due primarily to a $2.0
million increase in marketing and advertising expenses to support our branded products and a $0.4 million increase in compensation related expense. This increase in selling expenses for fiscal 2013 was partially offset by a $0.7 million decrease in
Administrative expenses for fiscal 2013 were $31.2 million
 an increase of $2.2 million
 or
7.7%
 from the amount recorded for fiscal 2012 due primarily to (i)&nbsp;a $1.5 million increase in consulting and other professional services
 (ii)&nbsp;a $0.6 million increase in compensation related expense
 and (iii)&nbsp;a $0.3 million increase
in depreciation and amortization expense. This increase in administrative expenses was partially offset by a $0.6 million gain on the sale of land and a building where we operated a retail store. 
Due to the factors
discussed above
 our income from our operations was $41.6 million
 or 5.7% of net sales
 for fiscal 2013
 compared to $33.0 million
 or 4.7% of net sales
 for fiscal 2012. 
Interest expense was $4.8
million for fiscal 2013 compared to $5.4 million for fiscal 2012. The decrease in interest expense was due primarily to lower average short-term borrowings. 
Rental and Miscellaneous Expense
Net rental
and miscellaneous expense was $1.6 million for fiscal 2013 compared to $1.4 million for fiscal 2012. 

 or 38.3% of income before income taxes
 for fiscal 2013 compared to $9.1 million
 or 34.7% of income before income taxes
for fiscal 2012. The increase in the effective tax rate of fiscal 2013 is mainly due to the impact of a full valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets that were created as a result of our equity investment in
 and sale of intellectual
property rights to an unconsolidated variable interest entity. 

 or $2.00 basic and $1.98 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2013
 compared to $17.1 million
 or $1.60 basic and $1.58 diluted
per common share
 for fiscal 2012
 due to the factors discussed above. 
The primary uses of cash are to fund our
current operations
 fulfill contractual obligations
 make capital improvements
 pursue our Strategic Plan and repay indebtedness. Also
 various uncertainties could result in additional uses of cash. The primary sources of cash are results of
operations and availability under our Credit Agreement
 dated February&nbsp;7
 2008 that provides a revolving loan commitment and letter of credit subfacility (as amended
 the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;). We anticipate that expected net cash flow
generated from operations and amounts available pursuant to the Credit Facility will be sufficient to fund our operations for the next twelve months. Increases in our available credit under our Credit Facility due to our improved financial
performance in the past have allowed us to consummate business acquisitions
 devote more funds to promote our products
 brands)
 develop new products
 pay special cash dividends in
December 2012 and December 2013
 and explore other growth strategies outlined in our Strategic Plan
 which includes expansion into existing markets and international markets such as China. 

 which can
change based upon fluctuations in both quantities and market prices of the various nuts and nut products we buy and sell. Current market trends in nut prices and crop estimates also impact nut procurement. 
 


 



























June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013








June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012





















































































































































 Cash provided by operating activities was $11.9 million in fiscal 2014
 a decrease of
$23.8 million compared to fiscal 2013. This decline is due primarily to the negative cash flow impact of changes in certain working capital items
 primarily accounts receivable and inventory. The accounts receivable decrease was a result of an
unfavorable change of $6.6 million from fiscal 2013
 due primarily to higher sales in the month of June 2014 compared to June 2013. Our nut commodity purchases were $56.7 million higher during fiscal 2014 than fiscal 2013 due mainly to higher nut
acquisition costs among several nut commodities
 primarily walnuts
Total inventories were $182.8 million at June&nbsp;26
 2014
 an
increase of $24.1 million
 or 15.2%
 from the inventory balance at June&nbsp;27
 2013. This increase is due primarily to a $17.8 million increase in raw nut input stocks which was primarily attributable to increased quantities of peanuts
 walnuts
and almonds coupled with significantly higher acquisition costs for walnuts
 almonds and pecans. Pounds of finished goods on hand increased by 8.6% or $4.1 million at June&nbsp;26
 2014 compared to June&nbsp;27
 2013 to support increasing sales
The weighted average cost per pound of raw nut input stocks on hand at June&nbsp;26
 2014 was relatively unchanged compared to June&nbsp;27
 2013
as the increase in the cost of tree nut input stocks on hand was fully offset by a considerable shift in quantity on hand to lower cost peanuts. Pounds of raw nut input stocks on hand at the end of June&nbsp;26
 2014 increased by 9.9&nbsp;million
pounds or 21.2% when compared to the quantity of raw nut input stocks on hand at June&nbsp;27
 2013. The weighted average cost per pound of finished goods on hand at June&nbsp;26
 2014 increased by 4.5% over the weighted average cost per pound of
finished goods on hand at June&nbsp;27
Cash provided by operating activities was $35.8 million in fiscal 2013
 an increase of $19.9 million
compared to fiscal 2012. This improvement is due primarily to improved operating results and the positive cash flow impact of changes in certain working capital items
 primarily accounts receivable and inventory. The accounts receivable improvement
was a result of favorable changes of $11.2 million from fiscal 2012. Our nut commodity purchases were $12.8 million lower during fiscal 2013 than fiscal 2012 due mainly to lower nut acquisition costs among several nut commodities
 primarily pecans
Total inventories were $158.7 million at June&nbsp;27
 2013
 an increase of $12.3 million
 or 8.4%
 from the inventory balance at
June&nbsp;28
 2012. This increase is due primarily to an $8.3 million increase in finished good inventory to support increasing sales volume
 and an increase in other raw materials of $2.5 million. Pounds of finished goods on hand increased by 20.9%
at June&nbsp;27
The weighted average cost per pound of raw nut input stocks on hand at June&nbsp;27
 2013
decreased by 18.8% compared to the weighted average cost per pound of raw nut input stocks on hand at June&nbsp;28
 2012. Pounds of raw nut input stocks on hand at the end of June&nbsp;27
 2013 increased by 8.9&nbsp;million pounds or 23.6% when
compared to the quantity of raw nut input stocks on hand at June&nbsp;28
 2012. The weighted average cost per pound of finished goods on hand at June&nbsp;27
 2013 decreased by 12.7% over the weighted average cost per pound of finished goods on hand
at June&nbsp;28
 Cash used in investing activities was $2.1 million in fiscal 2014. Capital expenditures
accounted for a $9.9 million use of cash in fiscal 2014. Partially offsetting these capital expenditures were $7.9 million of proceeds from the disposition of assets
 primarily the sale of the Old Elgin Site. 

 which was mostly attributable to $7.2 million of capital expenditures. Partially offsetting
this use of cash was $1.0 million of proceeds from the disposition of assets
Cash
used in investing activities was $7.2 million in fiscal 2012
 which was mostly attributable to $7.5 million of capital expenditures. Partially offsetting this use of cash was $0.4 million of proceeds from disposition of assets. 

 facility maintenance and food safety enhancements for&nbsp;fiscal 2015 to be
approximately&nbsp;$12 million.&nbsp;Absent any material acquisitions or other significant investments
 we believe that cash on hand
 combined with cash provided by operations and borrowings available under&nbsp;the Credit Facility
 will be
sufficient to meet the cash requirements for&nbsp;capital expenditures. 
 


 Cash used in financing activities was $8.8 million during fiscal 2014. We
paid a $16.6 million special dividend in December 2013. We repaid $3.3 million of long-term debt during fiscal 2014
 $3.0 million of which was related to the Mortgage Facility (as defined below). Partially offsetting these uses of cash was a net
increase in borrowings outstanding under our Credit Facility of $8.7 million during fiscal 2014 which occurred primarily as a result of the above noted increase in inventory. 

 2012. We repaid $6.6 million of
long-term debt during fiscal 2013
 $2.8 million of which was related to the Mortgage Facility and $3.3 million was related to the repayment of the former industrial development bonds associated with our Bainbridge facility. The net decrease in
Cash used
in financing activities was $7.6 million during fiscal 2012. We repaid $4.3 million of long-term debt during fiscal 2012
 $3.0 million of which was related to the Mortgage Facility. The net decrease in borrowings outstanding under our Credit
Facility was $2.1 million during fiscal 2012. This decrease in short-term borrowings under our Credit Facility occurred primarily due to improved operating results. 
In August 2008
 we completed the
consolidation of our Chicago-based facilities into the Elgin Site. As part of the facility consolidation project
 on April&nbsp;15
 2005
 we closed on the $48.0 million purchase of the Elgin Site. The Elgin Site includes both an office building and
a warehouse
 and afforded us increased production and processing capacity
 such that we continue to offer our services to existing and new customers on an expanded basis. We are currently attempting to find additional tenants for available space in
the office building at the Elgin Site. Until tenant(s) are found
 we will not receive the benefit of rental income associated with such space. Approximately 74% of the office building is currently vacant. There can be no assurance that we will be
able to lease the unoccupied space and further capital expenditures may be necessary to lease the remaining space
 including the space previously rented by the seller of the Elgin Site. 

 2006
 our wholly-owned subsidiary JBSS Properties
 LLC acquired title by quitclaim deed to the site that was originally purchased in Elgin
Illinois (the &#147;Old Elgin Site&#148;) for our facility consolidation project and also entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the &#147;Agreement&#148;) with the City of Elgin (the &#147;City&#148;). In the third quarter of fiscal
2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its properties and agreements to JBSS Real Estate
 LLC. Under the terms of the Agreement
 the City assigned to us the City&#146;s remaining rights and obligations under a development agreement entered
into by and among the Company
 certain related party partnerships
 and the City (the &#147;Development Agreement&#148;). We incurred $6.8 million of gross costs under the Development Agreement
 and had carrying values of $6.2 million which were
recorded as &#147;Assets held for sale&#148; at June&nbsp;27
 2013 on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Old Elgin Site was sold in the second quarter of fiscal 2014 and resulted in a $1.6 million pre-tax gain. 
On February&nbsp;7
 2008
we entered into the Credit Facility with a bank group (the &#147;Bank Lenders&#148;) providing a $117.5 million revolving loan commitment and letter of credit subfacility. Also on February&nbsp;7
 2008
 we entered into a Loan Agreement with an
insurance company (the &#147;Mortgage Lender&#148;) providing us with two term loans
 one in the amount of $36.0 million (&#147;Tranche A&#148;) and the other in the amount of $9.0 million (&#147;Tranche B&#148;)
 for an aggregate amount of $45.0
million (the &#147;Mortgage Facility&#148;). 

 as amended
 is secured by substantially all of our assets other than real property and fixtures. The Mortgage Facility is secured by
mortgages on essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois; Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina (the &#147;Encumbered Properties&#148;). 

 2011
 we entered into the Second Amendment to the Credit Facility which extended the maturity date of the Credit Facility from
February&nbsp;7
 2013 to July&nbsp;15
 2016. In addition
 the Second Amendment increased the amount by which we may increase the revolving borrowing capacity available under the Credit Facility from $15.0 million to $22.5 million. On
October&nbsp;31
 2011
 we entered into a Third Amendment to the Credit Facility (the &#147;Third Amendment&#148;). The Third Amendment permits an additional 5% of outstanding accounts receivable from a major customer to be included as eligible in
the borrowing base calculation
 and the Third Amendment also made technical modifications to definitions. On January&nbsp;22
 2013
 we entered into a Consent and Fourth Amendment to the Credit Facility which permitted us to sell certain intellectual
property assets and invest in AEI. On December&nbsp;16
 2013
 we entered into a Consent and Fifth Amendment to the Credit Facility which permitted the Company to form and invest in a wholly-owned Chinese subsidiary
 Sanfilippo (Shanghai) Trading Co.
Ltd.
 and made technical modifications to definitions. 
 



decreased by $1.5 million per year for the first five years to coincide with depreciation of the machinery and equipment collateral. As of June&nbsp;26
 2014
 the weighted average interest rate for the Credit Facility was 2.13%. The terms of the
Credit Facility contain covenants that
 among other things
 require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions and certain sales of assets
 cash dividends
 transactions with affiliates
 redemptions of capital stock
and prepayment of indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among other things
 is of a subordinate debt). If loan availability under the borrowing base calculation falls below $25.0 million
 we will be required to maintain a specified fixed charge coverage
ratio
 tested on a monthly basis until loan availability equals or exceeds $25.0 million for three consecutive months. All cash received from customers is required to be applied against the Credit Facility. The Bank Lenders have the option to
accelerate and demand immediate repayment of our obligations under the Credit Facility in the event of default on the payments required under the Credit Facility
 a change in control in the ownership of the Company
 non-compliance with the financial
covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under the Credit Facility (including a default under the Mortgage Facility). As of June&nbsp;26
 2014
 we were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility and we
currently expect to be in compliance with the financial covenant in the Credit Facility for the foreseeable future. As of June&nbsp;26
 2014
 we had $72.5 million of available credit under the Credit Facility. We would still be in compliance with
all restrictive covenants under the Credit Facility if this entire amount were borrowed. 

 on March&nbsp;1
 2018 (the &#147;Tranche A Reset Date&#148;) and
March&nbsp;1
 2016 and every two years thereafter (each
 a &#147;Tranche B Reset Date&#148;)
 the&nbsp;Mortgage Lender&nbsp;may reset the interest rates for each of Tranche A and Tranche B
 respectively
 in its sole and absolute discretion. If the
reset interest rate for either Tranche A or Tranche B is unacceptable to us and we (i)&nbsp;do not have sufficient funds to repay amounts due with respect to Tranche A or Tranche B on the Tranche A Reset Date or Tranche B Reset Date
 in each case
as applicable
 or (ii)&nbsp;are unable to refinance amounts due with respect to Tranche A or Tranche B on the Tranche A Reset Date or Tranche B Reset Date
 in each case
 as applicable
 on terms more favorable than the reset interest rates
 then
depending on the extent of the changes in the reset interest rates
The Mortgage Facility matures on
March&nbsp;1
 2023. Tranche A under the Mortgage Facility accrues interest at a fixed interest rate of 7.63%&nbsp;per annum
 payable monthly. As mentioned above
 such interest rate may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on the Tranche A Reset Date.
Monthly principal payments in the amount of $0.2 million commenced on June&nbsp;1
 2008. Tranche B under the Mortgage Facility accrues interest
 as reset on March&nbsp;1
 2014
 at a floating rate of the greater of (i)&nbsp;one month LIBOR plus
3.75%&nbsp;per annum or (ii)&nbsp;4.50%
 payable monthly (the &#147;Floating Rate&#148;). The margin on such Floating Rate may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on each Tranche B Reset Date; provided
 however
 that the Mortgage Lender may also change
the underlying index on each Tranche B Reset Date occurring on or after March&nbsp;1
 2016. Monthly principal payments in the amount of $0.1 million commenced on June&nbsp;1
 2008. We do not currently anticipate that any change in the Floating Rate
or the underlying index will have a material adverse effect upon our business
The terms of
the Mortgage Facility contain covenants that require us to maintain a specified net worth of $110
000 and maintain the Encumbered Properties. The Mortgage Lender is entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations under the Mortgage
Facility in the event we default in the payments required under the Mortgage Facility
 non-compliance with the covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of June&nbsp;26
 2014
 we were in
compliance with all covenants under the Mortgage Facility. We currently believe that we will be in compliance with the financial covenants in the Mortgage Facility for the foreseeable future and therefore $19
000 of Tranche A has been classified as
long-term debt as of June&nbsp;26
 2014 which represents scheduled principal payments that are due beyond twelve months. As of the second quarter of fiscal 2014
 amounts outstanding under Tranche B are no longer classified entirely as short-term
debt since the Mortgage Lender waived its option to use the proceeds from the sale of the Old Elgin Site
 which in part served as collateral for the Mortgage Facility
 to reduce the amount outstanding under Tranche B. Therefore
 $4
750 of Tranche B
has been classified as long-term debt as of June&nbsp;26
Selma
In September 2006
 we sold our Selma
 Texas properties (the &#147;Selma Properties&#148;) to two related party partnerships for $14.3 million
and are leasing them back. The selling price was determined by an independent appraiser to be the fair market value which also approximated our carrying value. The lease for the Selma Properties has a ten-year term at a fair market value rent with
three five-year renewal options. Also
 we currently have an option to purchase the Selma Properties from the partnerships at 95% (100% in certain circumstances) of the then fair market value
 but not less than the original $14.3 million purchase
price. The provisions of the arrangement are not eligible for sale-leaseback accounting and the $14.3 million was recorded as a debt obligation. No gain or loss was recorded on the Selma Properties transaction. As of June&nbsp;26
 2014
 $12.3
million of the debt obligation was outstanding. 
 


 

 2014
 we were not involved in any off-balance sheet arrangements
 as defined in Item&nbsp;303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation&nbsp;S-K promulgated
At
June&nbsp;26
 2014
 we had the following contractual cash obligations for long-term debt (including scheduled interest payments)
 capital leases
 operating leases
 the Credit Facility
 purchase obligations
 retirement plans and other long-term
liabilities (amounts in this subsection in thousands): 


















































































































































































































































 2014. See Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail on the
Company&#146;s long-term debt obligations. 




121 of inventory purchases. 





 2014 consist primarily of unrecognized tax benefits
 and the related
interest and penalties totaling $263. At this time
 we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of cash payments
 or if any cash payments will be required at all. Therefore
 these amounts are not included in the above
contractual obligations table. 

disclosed in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are applied in the preparation of our financial statements and accounting for the underlying transactions and balances. The policies discussed below are considered by our management to be
critical for an understanding of our financial statements because the application of these policies places the most significant demands on management&#146;s judgment
 with financial reporting results relying on estimation regarding the effect of
matters that are inherently uncertain. Specific risks
 if applicable
 for these critical accounting policies are described in the following paragraphs. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting policies
 see Note 1
Preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K requires us to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ
from those estimates. See &#147;Forward-Looking Statements&#148; below. 

 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price is fixed
 delivery occurs
and collection is reasonably assured. We sell our products under some arrangements
 which include customer contracts that fix the sales price for periods
 which typically can be up to one year for some commercial ingredient customers
 and through
specific programs consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer and some commercial ingredient users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the terms of specific
arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of rebates and promotion and marketing allowances. Revenues are also recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to return
products
 past experience has demonstrated that product returns have generally been insignificant. Provisions for returns are reflected as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based upon customer specific circumstances. 
 


 

 which consist principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower
of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market which approximates actual cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at least quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds and other nuts may affect the value of inventory and gross
profit and gross profit margin. When expected market sales prices move below costs
 we record adjustments to write down the carrying values of inventories to the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market which approximates actual cost. No such
adjustments have been required in any of the periods presented. The results of our shelling process can also result in changes to our inventory costs based upon actual versus expected crop yields. We maintain significant inventories of bulk-stored
inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based upon our inventory systems and are subject to verification techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The quantities of each crop
year bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates
 which historically averaged less than 1.0% of inventory purchases
 are also recorded. 
We review held
and used long-lived assets
 including our rental investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that
the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the
long lived asset or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of future cash flows derived from the most recent business projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to
its estimated fair value. 
We account for income taxes using an
asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such items give rise to
differences in the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be
realized. Any investment tax credits are accounted for by using the flow-through method
 whereby the credits are reflected as reductions of tax expense in the year they are recognized in the financial statements. In estimating future tax
consequences
We record liabilities for uncertain income tax positions
based on a two-step process. The first step is recognition
 where we evaluate whether an individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position
 including
resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold in
the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to
change the recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are recorded in results of operations and financial position in the period in which such changes occur. As of
June&nbsp;26
 2014 and June&nbsp;27
 2013
 we had liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits pertaining to uncertain tax positions totaling $263 and $131
 respectively. We do not anticipate that total unrecognized tax benefits will significantly
We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax expense/(benefit)
We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering our historical taxable
income and future taxable income based upon the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&nbsp;26
 2014
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $175 of basis differences for which we have provided a valuation
allowance. 
 


 

 contained in Part II
 Item&nbsp;8 of this Form
10-K
 for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements. 

 and in the Chief Executive Officer&#146;s letter to stockholders accompanying the Annual Report on
Form 10-K delivered to stockholders
 that are not historical (including statements concerning our expectations regarding market risk) are &#147;forward-looking statements.&#148; These forward-looking statements may be followed (and therefore
identified) by a cross reference to Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; or may be otherwise identified by the use of forward-looking words and phrases such as &#147;will&#148;
 &#147;anticipates&#148;
 &#147;intends&#148;
&#147;may&#148;
 &#147;believes&#148;
 &#147;should&#148; and &#147;expects&#148;
 and they are based on our current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and involve risks and uncertainties. We undertake no obligation to update publicly
or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or other factors that affect the subject of these statements
 except where expressly required to do so by law. We caution that such statements
are qualified by important factors
 including the factors described in Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; and other factors
 risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control
 that could cause results to differ materially from
our current expectations and/or those in the forward-looking statements
 as well as the timing and occurrence (or nonoccurrence) of transactions and other factors
 risk
 uncertainties and events which may be subject to circumstances beyond our
control. Consequently
Item&nbsp;7A &#151;
We are exposed to the impact of changes in interest rates
 commodity prices of raw material
purchases and foreign exchange. We have not entered into any arrangements to hedge against changes in market interest rates
 commodity prices or foreign currency fluctuations. 

 because there are no established futures markets for nuts; therefore
 we can only
attempt to pass on the commodity cost increases in the form of price increases to our customers. See Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; for a further discussion of the risks and uncertainties related to commodity prices of raw
Approximately 26% of the dollar value of our total nut purchases for fiscal 2014 were made from foreign
countries
 and while these purchases were payable in U.S. dollars
 the underlying costs may fluctuate with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the currency in the foreign country or to other major foreign currencies such as the euro.
We are exposed to interest rate risk on our Credit Facility
 our only variable rate credit facility; because we have not entered into any hedging
instruments which fix the floating rate or offset an increase in the floating rate. A hypothetical 10% adverse change in weighted-average interest rates would have had less than a $0.1 million impact on our net income and cash flows from operating
activities for fiscal 2014. In addition
 the fixed interest rate on our Mortgage Facility resets in the future. 
 


 


 Inc.: 

 the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 stockholders&#146; equity and
cash flows present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. and its subsidiaries at June&nbsp;26
 2014 and June&nbsp;27
 2013
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended June&nbsp;26
 2014 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal
control over financial reporting as of June&nbsp;26
 2014
&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The
Company&#146;s management is responsible for these financial statements
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in
Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting under item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements and on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated
audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(i)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (iii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#146;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
Chicago
 Illinois 

 2014 
 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 
 

 2014 and June&nbsp;27
 2013 
(dollars in thousands
 except per share amounts














June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27


































Accounts receivable
 less allowances of $3
210 and $2
628
 respectively


























































































PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT:







































































































































Rental investment property
 less accumulated depreciation of $7
262 and $6
470
 respectively





















TOTAL PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT





















































Intangible assets
 net










































The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 2014 and June&nbsp;27
 2013 
(dollars in thousands
 except per share amounts) 














June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27



































Current maturities of long-term debt
 including related party debt of $348 and $321
 respectively











Accounts payable
 including related party payables of $232 and $290
 respectively

























































































Long-term debt
 less current maturities
 including related party debt of $11
916 and $12
264
 respectively













































































































Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 convertible to Common Stock on a per share basis
 cumulative voting rights of ten votes per share
 $.01 par
value; 10
000
000 shares authorized
 2
597
426 shares issued and outstanding









Common Stock
 non-cumulative voting rights of one vote per share
 $.01 par value; 17
000
000 shares authorized
 8
569
105 and 8
440
409
shares issued
 respectively













































Treasury stock
 at cost; 117
900 shares of Common Stock

































































 
 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 
 

 2014
&nbsp;June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28
 2012 
dollars in thousands
 except per share amounts



















June&nbsp;26
 2014


June&nbsp;27
 2013


June&nbsp;28
 2012

































































































































Gain on sale of assets held for sale
 net








































































































Interest expense including $1
136
 $1
161 and $1
151 to related parties
 respectively
















Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net






























Total other expense
 net































































































Other comprehensive (loss) income
 net of tax:
























































Other comprehensive (loss) income
 net of tax




















































































































































033





863





726





















132





992





828

















 
 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 
 

 2014
&nbsp;June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28
 2012 





















































































Balance
 June&nbsp;30
 2011



597









182








































































Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense of $309





































Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $1
031


























































































































































Balance
 June&nbsp;28
 2012



597









282
















































































































Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense of $383





































Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax expense of $390


























































































































































Balance
 June&nbsp;27
 2013



597









440
















































































































Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense of $355





































Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $581




























































































































































Balance
 June&nbsp;26
 2014



597









569






































































 
 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 
 

 2014
&nbsp;June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28
 2012 



















June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


















































(Gain) loss on disposition of properties
 net











































Change in assets and liabilities
 net of business acquired:













Accounts receivable
 net
















































































































Other
 net








































































Purchases of property
 plant and equipment


















































































































































































































































































































Cash
 beginning of period





























Cash
 end of period




























































Income taxes paid
 excluding refunds of $292
 $14
 and $565
 respectively
















 
 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 
 

 except per share data) 
 
 

 Inc.
 and our wholly-owned subsidiaries
 JBSS Real Estate
LLC
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC and Sanfilippo (Shanghai) Trading Co. Ltd. Our fiscal year ends on the last Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists of fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week quarters). The accompanying consolidated financial
statements and related footnotes are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP&#148;). 


brand names. We also market and distribute
 and in most cases manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond
butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 nut clusters
 sunflower kernels
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under private brands and brand names. Our products are sold through the major
distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 contract packaging customers and international customers. 
The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for customer deductions
 the quantity and valuation of bulk inventories
 the evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets
 and the
realizability of deferred tax assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

 less allowances for doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated cash discounts and
customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful accounts is calculated by specifically identifying customers that are credit risks and estimating the extent that other non-specifically identified customers will become credit risks. Account balances
are charged off against the allowance when we conclude that it is probable the receivable will not be recovered. The reserve for estimated cash discounts is based on historical experience. The reserve for customer deductions represents known
customer short payments and an estimate of future credit memos that will be issued to customers related to rebates and allowances for marketing and promotions based on agreed upon programs and historical experience. 
Inventories
 which consist principally of
inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market which approximates actual cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at least quarterly.
Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews and other nuts may affect the value of inventory
 gross profit and gross profit margin. When expected market sales prices move below costs
 we record adjustments to write
down the carrying values of inventories to the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market. The results of our shelling process can also result in changes to inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus expected crop yields.
We maintain significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based on our inventory systems and are subject to quarterly physical verification techniques including
observation
 weighing and other methods. The quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates are also recorded. 
Property
Property
 plant and
equipment are stated at cost. Major improvements that extend the useful life
 add capacity
 or add functionality are capitalized and charged to expense through depreciation. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense as incurred. The cost
and accumulated depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is recognized currently in operating income. 
 


 



















June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012













































































An asset is classified as held for
sale when (i)&nbsp;management commits to a plan to sell and it is actively marketed
 (ii)&nbsp;it is available for immediate sale and the sale is expected to be completed within one year and (iii)&nbsp;it is unlikely significant changes to the plan
will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. Assets held for sale may exceed one year due to events or circumstances beyond our control. Recoverability is also assessed and assets held for sale are reported at the lower of carrying value or
fair-value less costs to sell. Assets classified as held for sale are no longer depreciated and are reported on a separate line on the balance sheet. 
We review held and used
long-lived assets
 including our rental investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the
carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long
lived asset or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of future cash flows derived from the most recent business projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its
estimated fair value. 
Deferred financing costs are
incurred to obtain long-term financing and are amortized using the effective interest method over the term of the related debt. The amortization of deferred financing costs
 which is classified in interest expense in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012































 we acquired property to be used for the Elgin Site. Two buildings are located on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an office building.
Approximately 74% of the office building is currently vacant. The other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and modified for use as our principal processing facility and headquarters. The allocation of the purchase price to the two buildings was
determined through a third party appraisal. The value assigned to the office building is included in rental investment property on the balance sheet. The value assigned to the warehouse building is included in &#147;Property
 plant and
equipment&#148;. 
 



expense
 net&#148;. Gross rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal years are as follows: 


















June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012



















Rental (expense)
 net















Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within the office building is as follows for the fiscal years
ending: 








June&nbsp;25
 2015






June 30
 2016






June 29
 2017






June 28
 2018





June 27
 2019






























On March&nbsp;28
 2006
 our wholly-owned subsidiary JBSS Properties
 LLC acquired title by quitclaim deed to the site that was
originally purchased in Elgin
 Illinois (the &#147;Old Elgin Site&#148;) for our facility consolidation project and also entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the &#147;Agreement&#148;) with the City of Elgin (the &#147;City&#148;).
In the third quarter of fiscal 2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its properties and agreements to JBSS Real Estate
 LLC. Under the terms of the Agreement
 the City assigned to us their remaining rights and obligations under a development
agreement entered into by and among the Company
 certain related party partnerships and the City (the &#147;Development Agreement&#148;). We incurred $6
806 of gross costs under the Development Agreement
 and had a carrying value of $6
175 at
June&nbsp;27
 2013. These costs were recorded as &#147;Assets held for sale&#148; at June&nbsp;27
On December&nbsp;26
 2013 (the second quarter of
fiscal 2014)
 we completed the sale of the Old Elgin Site. The sales price was $8
000 and resulted in a pre-tax gain of $1
In September 2012
 we
completed the sale of land and a building where we owned and operated a retail store in Barrington
 Illinois. Proceeds from the sale were $870
 net of expenses of $45
 and resulted in a pre-tax gain of $660 which is recorded in &#147;Administrative
expenses&#148; for the year ended June&nbsp;27
 2013. 

asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value into
three broad levels: 



















 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in inactive markets.







The carrying values of cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their fair values at June&nbsp;26
2014 and June&nbsp;27
The carrying value of our Credit Facility (as defined in
Note 4 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#147;Revolving Credit Facility&#148; below) borrowings approximates fair value at June&nbsp;26
 2014 and June&nbsp;27
 2013 because interest rates on this instrument approximate current
market rates (Level 2 criteria)
 the short term maturity and nature of this balance. In addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent credit risk. 
 



 including
current maturities: 














June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013

























The estimated fair value of long-term debt was determined using a market approach based upon Level 2 observable inputs
 which
estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes in the underlying assets securing our long-term
debt
 other than the sale of the Old Elgin Site discussed above. 

 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price is fixed
 delivery occurs
and collection is reasonably assured. We sell our products under some arrangements which include customer contracts which fix the sales price for periods
 typically of up to one year
 for some industrial customers and through specific programs
consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer customers and commercial ingredient users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the terms of specific arrangements.
Revenues are recorded net of rebates and promotion and marketing allowances. Revenues are also recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to return products
past experience has demonstrated that product returns have been insignificant. Provisions for returns are reflected as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based upon customer specific circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling costs
We
operate in a single reportable operating segment that consists of selling various nut and nut related products through multiple distribution channels. 


concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts receivable
 and we attempt to mitigate this risk through our credit evaluation process
 collection terms and through geographical dispersion of sales. Sales to three customers each exceeded
10% of net sales during fiscal 2014 and 2013. There were two customers in fiscal 2012 that each had sales exceeding 10% of net sales. Sales to these customers represented approximately 46%
 48% and 36% of our net sales in fiscal 2014
 fiscal 2013
and fiscal 2012
 respectively. Net accounts receivable from these customers were 55% and 49% of net accounts receivable at June&nbsp;26
 2014 and June&nbsp;27
 2013
 respectively. 
Promotion
Promotion
allowances
 customer rebates and marketing allowances are recorded at the time revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions in sales. Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon projected volumes for the year
 while promotion and
marketing allowances are recorded based upon terms of the actual arrangements. Coupon incentive costs are accrued based on estimates of product sold to retailers at our measurement date and an estimate of redemptions to occur. 

channel. These costs are generally expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012

































 


 

 which include freight and other expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in selling expenses. Shipping and
handling costs for the last three fiscal years were as follows: 


















June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


































incurred. Research and development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as follows: 


















June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012

































grant date fair value. We then amortize compensation expense over the vesting period on a straight line basis. We estimate the fair value of each stock option on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model discounted by an
estimated forfeiture rate (using the risk-free interest rate
 expected term
 expected volatility
 and dividend yield variables). The grant date fair value of RSUs is determined based on the market price of our Common Stock on the date of grant. 
We account for income taxes using an asset
and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such items give rise to differences in
the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be realized. Any
investment tax credits are accounted for by using the flow-through method
 whereby the credits are reflected as reductions of tax expense in the year they are recognized in the financial statements. In estimating future tax consequences
 we consider
We record liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on a two-step process.
The first step is recognition
 where we evaluate whether an individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position
 including resolution of any related appeals
or litigation processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold in the first step
 we perform the
second step of measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the recognition and
measurement estimates with regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are recorded in results of operations and financial position in the period in which such changes occur. 

We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering our historical taxable income and future taxable income based
upon the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&nbsp;26
 2014
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $175 of basis differences for which we have provided a valuation allowance. 
Basic earnings per common share are
calculated using the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue Common
Stock were exercised or converted into Common Stock or resulted in the issuance of Common Stock. 
 



basic and diluted earnings per share: 


















June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012






033





863





726




















































132





992





828
















The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock options excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per
share: 


















June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012
































We
account for comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic 220
. This topic establishes standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its components in a full set of general-purpose financial
statements. The topic requires that all components of comprehensive income be reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same prominence as other financial statements. This topic also requires all non-owner changes in
stockholders&#146; equity be presented in either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. This guidance also requires presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on the
face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes and information about significant amounts required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income in their entirety. For amounts not required to be
reclassified in their entirety to net income
 we provide a cross-reference to other disclosures that offer additional details about those amounts. 
In February 2013
 the
FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2013-02
 The new guidance requires presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either
on the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes and information about significant amounts required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income in their entirety. For amounts not
required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures that provide additional details about those amounts. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after
December&nbsp;15
 2012
 and interim periods within those annual periods. We adopted this update in the first quarter of fiscal 2014. The update only affects the presentation of comprehensive income and does not impact what is included in
comprehensive income
 and therefore the adoption of this update did not have an impact on our financial position
In
April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2014-08

 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity
update changes the threshold for reporting discontinued operations and adds new disclosures. The update defines a discontinued operation as a disposal of a component or group of components that is disposed of or is classified as held for sale and
&#147;represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity&#146;s operations and financial results.&#148; For disposals of individually significant components that do not qualify as discontinued operations
 an entity must
disclose pre-tax earnings of the disposed component. For public business entities
 this guidance is effective prospectively for all disposals (or classifications as held for sale) of components of an entity that occur within annual periods beginning
on or after December&nbsp;15
 2014
 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted
 but only for disposals (or classifications as held for sale) that have not been reported in financial statements previously issued or available
for issuance. The Company does not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. 
 



 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2014-09

Customers
 
 and added ASC Subtopic 340-40
. The guidance in this update supersedes the revenue
recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605
 
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the industry topics of the codification. Under the new guidance
 an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of
promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance will be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2017.
This guidance can be adopted either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented
 or retrospectively with a cumulative-effect adjustment recognized as of the date of adoption. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this new
guidance on our financial position
In June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2014-12
 Compensation&#151;Stock
 This
guidance requires a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period to be treated as a performance condition. The current accounting standard for stock-based compensation as it applies to awards
with performance conditions should be applied. This guidance is effective for fiscal years
 including interim reporting periods
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. This update will be effective for the Company
beginning in fiscal year 2017. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this guidance
 but does not anticipate it will have a material impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 














June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


























































 
 















June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013
















































Total intangible assets
 gross
























































































































Customer relationships and the non-compete agreement relate wholly to the Orchard Valley Harvest (&#147;OVH&#148;) acquisition
completed in fiscal 2010. Customer relationships are being amortized on a straight line basis over seven years. The non-compete agreement is being amortized based upon the expected pattern of cash flow annual benefit over a five year period. The
 brand name
 brand name became fully amortized in fiscal 2011. The remainder of the brand name relates to the OVH acquisition and is being
amortized on a straight line basis over five years. 
 



 which is classified in administrative expense in the
consolidated statement of comprehensive income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012















































June 25
 2015






June 30
 2016






June 29
 2017






June 28
 2018





June 27
 2019





 

 2008
 we entered into a Credit Agreement with a bank group (the &#147;Bank Lenders&#148;) providing a $117
500 revolving
loan commitment and letter of credit subfacility (the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;). Also on February&nbsp;7
 2008
 we entered into a Loan Agreement with an insurance company (the &#147;Mortgage Lender&#148;) providing us with two term loans
 one in
the amount of $36
000 (&#147;Tranche A&#148;) and the other in the amount of $9
000 (&#147;Tranche B&#148;)
 for an aggregate amount of $45
000 (the &#147;Mortgage Facility&#148;). 

 as amended
 matures on July&nbsp;15
 2016 and is secured by substantially all our assets other than real property and fixtures. The
Mortgage Facility is secured by mortgages on essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina (the &#147;Encumbered Properties&#148;). 

 2013
 we entered into a Consent and Fifth Amendment to the Credit Facility (the &#147;Fifth Amendment&#148;) which permitted the Company
The portion of the borrowing base calculation
based upon machinery and equipment decreased by $1
500 per year for the first five years to coincide with depreciation of the machinery and equipment collateral. As of June&nbsp;26
 2014 and June&nbsp;27
 2013
 the weighted average interest rate for
the Credit Facility was 2.13% and 2.23%
 respectively. The terms of the Credit Facility contain covenants that require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions and certain sales of assets
 cash dividends
redemptions of capital stock and prepayment of indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among other things
 is of a subordinate debt). If loan availability under the Borrowing Base Calculation falls below $25
000
 we will be required to maintain a
specified fixed charge coverage ratio
 tested on a monthly basis. All cash received from customers is required to be applied against the Credit Facility. The Bank Lenders are entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations under the
Credit Facility in the event of default on the payments required under the Credit Facility
 a change in control in the ownership of the Company
 non-compliance with the financial covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under
the Credit Facility (including a default under the Mortgage Facility). As of June&nbsp;26
 2014
 we were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility and we currently expect to be in compliance with the financial covenant in the Credit
Facility for the foreseeable future. As of June&nbsp;26
 2014
 we had $72
458 of available credit under the Credit Facility which reflects borrowings of $40
542 and reduced availability as a result of $4
500 in outstanding letters of credit. We
would still be in compliance with all restrictive covenants under the Credit Facility if this entire amount were borrowed. 
 


 
 














June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27



Mortgage Facility (&#147;Tranche A&#148;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in monthly principal installments of $200 plus interest
at 7.63%&nbsp;per annum through February 2023 with a final principal payment of $600 on March&nbsp;1
 2023











Mortgage Facility (&#147;Tranche B&#148;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in monthly principal installments of $50 plus interest
at the greater of one month LIBOR plus 3.75%&nbsp;per annum or 4.50% through February 2023 with a final principal payment of $150 on March&nbsp;1
 2023











Selma
 Texas facility financing obligation to related parties
 due in monthly installments of $121 through September&nbsp;1
2031






















































































We are subject to periodic interest rate resets for each of Tranche A and Tranche B. Specifically
 on March&nbsp;1
 2018 (the
&#147;Tranche A Reset Date&#148;) and March&nbsp;1
 2016 and every two years thereafter (each
 a &#147;Tranche B Reset Date&#148;)
 the&nbsp;Mortgage Lender&nbsp;may reset the interest rates for each of Tranche A and Tranche B
 respectively
 in its
sole and absolute discretion. If the reset interest rate for either Tranche A or Tranche B is unacceptable to us and we (i)&nbsp;do not have sufficient funds to repay amounts due with respect to Tranche A or Tranche B on the Tranche A Reset Date or
Tranche B Reset Date
 in each case
 as applicable
 or (ii)&nbsp;are unable to refinance amounts due with respect to Tranche A or Tranche B on the Tranche A Reset Date or Tranche B Reset Date
 in each case
 as applicable
 on terms more favorable than
the reset interest rates
 then
 depending on the extent of the changes in the reset interest rates
 our interest expense could increase materially. 

 payable monthly. As mentioned above
 such interest
rate may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on the Tranche A Reset Date. Tranche B under the Mortgage Facility accrues interest
 as reset on March&nbsp;1
 2014
 at a floating rate of the greater of one month LIBOR plus 3.75%&nbsp;per annum or 4.50%
payable monthly. The margin on such floating rate may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on each Tranche B Reset Date; provided
 however
 that the Mortgage Lender may also change the underlying index on each Tranche B Reset Date occurring on or after
March&nbsp;1
 2016. We do not currently anticipate that any change in the floating rate or the underlying index will have a material adverse effect upon our business
 financial condition or results of operations. 

000 and maintain the Encumbered Properties. The
Mortgage Lender is entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations under the Mortgage Facility in the event we default in the payments required under the Mortgage Facility
 non-compliance with the covenants or upon the occurrence of
certain other defaults by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of June&nbsp;26
 2014
 we were in compliance with all covenants under the Mortgage Facility. We currently believe that we will be in compliance with the financial covenants in the Mortgage
Facility for the foreseeable future and therefore $19
000 of Tranche A has been classified as long-term debt as of June&nbsp;26
 2014 which represents scheduled principal payments that are due beyond twelve months. As of the second quarter of fiscal
2014
 amounts outstanding under Tranche B are no longer classified entirely as short-term debt since the Mortgage Lender waived its option to use the proceeds from the sale of the Old Elgin Site
 which in part served as collateral for the Mortgage
Facility
 to reduce the amount outstanding under Tranche B. Therefore
 $4
750 of Tranche B has been classified as long-term debt as of June&nbsp;26
 2014 which represents scheduled principal payments that are due beyond twelve months. 

 we sold our Selma
 Texas properties to two related party partnerships for $14
300 and are leasing them back. The selling price was
determined by an independent appraiser to be the fair market value which also approximated our carrying value. The lease for the Selma
 Texas properties has a ten-year term at a fair market value rent with three five-year renewal options. Also
 we
have an option to purchase the properties from the partnerships after five years at 95% (100% in certain circumstances) of the then fair market value
 but not to be less than the $14
300 purchase price. The financing obligation is being accounted
for similar to the accounting for a capital lease
 whereby the $14
300 was recorded as a debt obligation
 as the provisions of the arrangement are not eligible for sale-leaseback accounting. The balance of the debt obligation outstanding at
June&nbsp;26
 2014 was $12
264. 
 


 









June&nbsp;25
 2015






June 30
 2016






June 29
 2017






June 28
 2018






June 27
 2019
































 
 
























June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28





































































































































































































The reconciliations of income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate to income taxes reported in the Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income for the last three fiscal years are as follows: 


















June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28

















State income taxes
 net of federal benefit














































































































The increase in the effective tax rate of fiscal 2013 is primarily due to the impact of an $815 valuation allowance recorded
against deferred tax assets that were created as a result of our equity investment in
 and sale of intellectual property rights to an unconsolidated variable interest entity. During fiscal 2014 we divested our investment in
 and cancelled a secured
promissory note due from this entity. The tax benefit of these losses was $640 and consequently reduced the fiscal 2014 effective tax rate. 
 



differences between the financial statement basis and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the following: 















June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013































































































































































































































































































In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income of the character necessary during the periods in which those temporary
differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and carryforward periods)
 projected future taxable income
 and tax-planning strategies in making
this assessment. The net change in the total valuation allowance was a decrease of $640 in fiscal 2014 and an increase of $815 in fiscal 2013. If or when recognized
 the tax benefits relating to any reversal of the valuation allowance will be
We have gross state tax net operating losses of approximately $3
649 that will expire in 2024 if not
utilized. 

 2014 and June&nbsp;27
 2013
 unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest and penalties were $263 and $131. Accrued
interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are not material for any periods presented. Interest and penalties were not material for any period presented. The total gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits were $247 and $139 at
June&nbsp;26
 2014 and June&nbsp;27
 2013
 respectively. 
 


 















June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27




























































































Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the annual effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations
 are as follows: 


















June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012

















authorities within the United States of America. Our federal tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2011 and later. Our Illinois tax returns are currently under audit for fiscal 2011 and 2012. Our Illinois tax return is open for audit for fiscal
2013. Our California tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2009 and later. No other tax jurisdictions are material to us. 
 
We lease certain
equipment pursuant to agreements accounted for as operating leases. Rent expense aggregated under these operating leases was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012
































Aggregate non-cancelable lease commitments under these operating leases with initial or remaining terms greater than one year
are as follows: 













June 25
 2015






June 30
 2016






June 29
 2017






June 28
 2018





June 27
 2019





























We are
currently a party to various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. While management presently believes that the ultimate outcomes of these proceedings
 individually and in the aggregate
 will not materially affect our financial
position
 results of operations or cash flows
 legal proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties
 and unfavorable outcomes could occur. Unfavorable outcomes could include substantial money damages in excess of any appropriate accruals which
management has established. Were such unfavorable final outcomes to occur
 there exists the possibility of a material adverse effect on our financial position
 results of operations and cash flows. 
 


Cardenas et. al. v John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. 

 a class action wage and hour lawsuit was filed against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois (the &#147;District
Court&#148;) under the Illinois Minimum Wage Law (&#147;IMWL&#148;) and the Fair Labor Standards Act (&#147;FLSA&#148;). The plaintiffs claimed damages under the IMWL in an amount equal to all unpaid back pay alleged to be owed to the plaintiffs
prejudgment interest on the back pay
 punitive damages
 attorneys&#146; fees and costs
 and an injunction precluding the Company from violating the IMWL. The plaintiffs additionally claimed damages under the FLSA in an amount equal to all back pay
alleged to be owed to the plaintiffs
 prejudgment interest on the back pay
 liquidated damages equal to the amount of unpaid back wages
 and attorneys&#146; fees and costs. In fiscal 2011
 the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint in which
they alleged that the Company maintained and maintains a practice regarding the rounding of employees&#146; time entries which violates the IMWL and the FLSA. 

 plaintiffs and facilities
 we agreed in principle to a
$2
600 settlement (the &#147;Settlement Agreement&#148;). In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011
 the Settlement Agreement was finalized and preliminarily approved by the District Court which included a provision allowing for a reverter payment if all
or some class members do not submit claim forms. We recorded an accrual of $1
950 in fiscal 2011 for the class action wage and hour lawsuit which was our best estimate of the payout to class members who submitted claim forms
 net of any estimated
During the first quarter of fiscal 2012
 the Court
issued a final approval of the Settlement Agreement which did not have a material impact on earnings during fiscal 2012. The case was closed and formally dismissed by the Court during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. Pursuant to the terms of the
Settlement Agreement
 we paid $2
600 to the claims administrator during the first quarter of fiscal 2012 and received a reverter payment for unclaimed settlement funds of approximately $665 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. 
 

 $.01 par value (the &#147;Class A Stock&#148;)
 has cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of
those directors which the holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock are entitled to elect
 and 10 votes per share on all other matters on which holders of our Class&nbsp;A Stock and Common Stock are entitled to vote
 with the exception of election of the
directors for which the holders of Common Stock are eligible to elect. In addition
 each share of Class&nbsp;A Stock is convertible at the option of the holder at any time into one share of Common Stock and automatically converts into one share of
Common Stock upon any sale or transfer other than to related individuals. Each share of our Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the &#147;Common Stock&#148;) has noncumulative voting rights of one vote per share. The Class&nbsp;A Stock and the Common
Stock are entitled to share equally
 on a share-for-share basis
 in any cash dividends declared by the Board of Directors
 and the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to elect 25%
 rounded up to the nearest whole number
 of the members
comprising the Board of Directors. 
 

 2008
 our stockholders approved a new equity incentive plan (the&nbsp;&#147;2008
Equity Incentive Plan&#148;) pursuant to which awards of options and stock-based awards may be made to members of the Board of Directors
 employees and other individuals providing services to the Company. A total of 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock
are authorized for grants of awards under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
 which may be in the form of options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 stock appreciation rights (&#147;SARs&#148;)
 Common Stock or dividends and dividend
equivalents. As of June&nbsp;26
 2014
 there were 599
705 shares of Common Stock that remained authorized for future grants of awards
 subject to the limitations set below. A maximum of 500
000 of the 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock authorized
under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan may be used for grants of Common Stock
 restricted stock and restricted stock units. Additionally
 awards of options or SARs are limited to 100
000 shares annually to any single individual
 and awards of Common
Stock
 restricted stock or restricted stock units are limited to 50
000 shares annually to any single individual. All restricted stock units granted under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan have vesting periods of three years for awards to employees and
one year for awards to non-employee members of the Board of Directors. Recipients of restricted stock unit awards have the option to defer receipt of vested shares until a specified later date
 typically soon after separation from the Company. The
exercise price of stock options was determined as set forth in the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors
 and must be at least the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as set
forth in the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
 options expire upon termination of employment or directorship
 as applicable. The options granted under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan are exercisable 25% annually commencing on the first anniversary date of
grant and become fully exercisable on the fourth anniversary date of grant. Options generally will expire no later than ten years after the date on which they are granted. We issue new shares of Common Stock upon exercise of stock options. 
 



October&nbsp;28
 1998 (the&nbsp;&#147;1998 Equity Incentive Plan&#148;) pursuant to which awards of options and stock-based awards could be made. There were 700
000 shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance to certain key employees and
&#147;outside directors&#148; (i.e.
 directors who are not employees of the Company). The exercise price of the options was determined as set forth in the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan by the Board of Directors and was at least the fair market value of
the Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as set forth in the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan
 options expire upon termination of employment or directorship
 as applicable. The options granted under the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan are exercisable 25%
annually commencing on the first anniversary date of grant and become fully exercisable on the fourth anniversary date of grant. Options generally will expire no later than ten years after the date on which they are granted. We issue new shares of
Common Stock upon exercise of stock options issued pursuant to the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan. Through fiscal 2007
 all of the options granted
 except those granted to outside directors
 were intended to qualify as incentive stock options within the
meaning of Section&nbsp;422 of the Internal Revenue Code. Effective fiscal 2008
 all option grants are non-qualified awards. The 1998 Equity Incentive Plan terminated on September&nbsp;1
 2008. However
 all outstanding options issued pursuant to the
We
determine the fair value of stock option awards using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. There were no options granted in fiscal 2014. The following weighted-average assumptions were used to determine the fair value of options granted during
fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012: 














June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012









































The expected term of the awards was determined using the &#147;simplified method&#148; as stated in SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin No.&nbsp;107 that utilizes the following formula: ((vesting term + original contract term)/2). Expected stock volatility was determined based on historical volatility for the 6.25 year-period preceding the measurement date. The risk-free
rate was based on the yield curve in effect at the time the options were granted
 using U.S. treasury constant maturities over the expected life of the option. Expected forfeitures were determined based upon our expectations and past experiences.
The following is a summary of stock option activity for
the year ended June&nbsp;26
 2014: 


































Outstanding at June&nbsp;27
 2013




























































































Outstanding at June&nbsp;26
 2014




































Exercisable at June&nbsp;26
 2014



































The number of stock options vested
 and expected to vest in the future
 as of June&nbsp;26
 2014
 is not significantly
different from the number of stock options outstanding at June&nbsp;26
 2014
 as stated above. All options granted during fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012 were at exercise prices equal to the market price of Common Stock at the grant date. 

 the total intrinsic value of all options exercised and the
total cash received from the exercise of options for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012













































 



 2014: 





















Non-vested at June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013



















































Non-vested at June 26
&nbsp;2014



















Exercise prices for options outstanding as of June&nbsp;26
 2014 ranged from $7.95 to $18.46 and may be segregated into two
ranges
 as shown below: 














































































Restricted stock units granted to employees and outside directors vest over a three-year and one-year period
 respectively.
The following is a summary of
restricted stock unit activity for the year ended June&nbsp;26
 2014: 




















Outstanding at June 27
&nbsp;2013





















































Outstanding at June 26
&nbsp;2014



















At June&nbsp;26
 2014 there were 40
098 restricted stock units outstanding that were vested but deferred. At June&nbsp;27
2013 there were 37
500 restricted stock units outstanding that were vested but deferred. The non-vested restricted stock units at June&nbsp;26
 2014 will vest over a weighted-average period of 1.4 years. 

000 SARs to a marketing consultant which vested over a three year period and had a ten year term. In the
third quarter of fiscal 2013 the consultant exercised 7
500 of the SARs and the Compensation Committee accelerated the vesting of the remaining awards. During the first quarter of fiscal 2014
 the remaining 2
500 shares vested and the resulting
The following table summarizes compensation cost charged to earnings for all equity compensation plans and the total income tax
benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28































At June&nbsp;26
 2014
 there was $1
551 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation
arrangements granted under our stock-based compensation plans. We expect to recognize that cost over a weighted-average period of 1.4 years. 
 


 

 2013
 our Board of Directors
 after considering the financial position of our Company and other factors
 declared a
special cash dividend of $1.50 per share on all issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock of the Company (the &#147;2014 Special Dividend&#148;). The 2014 Special Dividend of $16
599 was paid on December&nbsp;5
 2013 to
stockholders of record at the close of business on November&nbsp;21
 2013. The ex-dividend date was the close of business on November&nbsp;19
 2013. The Company obtained the appropriate consent from the Bank Lenders in order to declare and pay the
On December&nbsp;10
 2012
 our Board of Directors
 after considering the financial position of our Company and other factors
declared a special cash dividend of $1.00 per share on all issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock of the Company (the &#147;2013 Special Dividend&#148;). The 2013 Special Dividend of $10
889 was paid December&nbsp;28
2012
 to stockholders of record at the close of business on December&nbsp;20
 2012. The ex-dividend date was the close of business on December&nbsp;18
 2012. We obtained the appropriate consent from the Bank Lenders in order to declare and pay the
2013 Special Dividend. 
NOTE 11 &#151; INVESTMENT IN ARMA ENERGY
 INC. 

 marketed
 and secured proprietary and intellectual property rights to the &#147;ARMA brand&#148; in
select markets. The ARMA brand products consisted of &#147;energy-infused&#148; snack products
 including kettle cooked potato chips
 trail mixes
 fruit and nut blends
 granola mixes and other products. Sales of ARMA brand products were historically
immaterial to our financial condition
On February&nbsp;1
 2013 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with
ARMA Energy
 Inc. (&#147;AEI&#148;) whereby we received approximately 71% of the preferred stock of AEI in exchange for sales
 marketing
 services
 and other expenses already incurred. In addition
 on February&nbsp;1
 2013
 we sold all of our
intellectual property rights in the ARMA brand to AEI in exchange for a secured promissory note in the principal amount of $500 payable over five years. The fair value of the note received and non-controlling interest retained at the time of sale
were not deemed material. At June&nbsp;27
 2013 our ownership percentage had decreased to approximately 58% due to additional investment from unrelated parties. After recording our proportional share of losses
 our investment in this entity was $0
at June&nbsp;27
During the third quarter of fiscal 2014 we divested of our equity investment in AEI and cancelled the secured promissory note
receivable. This produced a tax benefit which favorably impacted our fiscal 2014 effective tax rate. 
 

retirement benefits for all nonunion employees meeting minimum age and service requirements. We currently match 100% of the first three percent contributed by each employee and 50% of the next two percent contributed
 up to certain maximums
specified in the plan. Our expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28


















During the first quarter of fiscal 2009
 we recorded a long-term liability of $868 for the withdrawal from the multiemployer
plan (&#147;Route pension&#148;) for the step-van drivers that were employed for our store-door delivery system that was discontinued during fiscal 2008. Pursuant to terms of settlement with a labor union
 we are making monthly payments of $8
(including interest) through April 2022. 















June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27












Virtually all of our salaried employees participate in our Sanfilippo Value Added Plan (as amended
 the &#147;SVA Plan&#148;)
which is a cash incentive plan (an economic value added-based program) administered by our Compensation Committee. We accrue expense related to the SVA Plan in the annual period that the economic performance underlying such performance occurs. This
method of expense recognition properly matches the expense associated with improved economic performance with the period the improved performance occurs on a systematic and rational basis. 
 


 

 2007
 the committee then known as the Compensation
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the
&#147;Committee&#148;) approved a restated Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (&#147;SERP&#148;) for certain executive officers and key employees
 retroactively effective as of August&nbsp;25
 2005. The restated SERP retroactively changed the
plan adopted on August&nbsp;25
 2005 to
 among other things
 clarify certain actuarial provisions and incorporate new Internal Revenue Service requirements. The SERP is an unfunded
 non-qualified benefit plan that will provide eligible participants
with monthly benefits upon retirement
 disability or death
 subject to certain conditions. Benefits paid to retirees are based on age at retirement
 years of credited service
 and average compensation. We use our fiscal year-end as the measurement
date for the obligation calculation. Accounting guidance now codified in ASC Topic 715
 requires the recognition of the funded status of the SERP on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Actuarial gains or
losses
 prior service costs or credits and transition obligations that have not yet been recognized are recorded as a component of &#147;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&#148; (&#147;AOCL&#148;). 
















June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27

































































































Components of the actuarial loss (gain) portion of the change in projected benefit obligation are presented below for the
fiscal years ended: 


















June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28











































































































































June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28







































































































Significant assumptions related to our SERP include the discount rate used to calculate the actuarial present value of benefit
obligations to be paid in the future and the average rate of compensation expense increase by SERP participants. 
 














June&nbsp;26


June&nbsp;27
















base


base















June&nbsp;26


June&nbsp;27


June&nbsp;28




















base


base


base

The assumed discount rate is based
 in part
 upon a discount rate modeling process that considers both high quality long-term
indices and the duration of the SERP plan relative to the durations implicit in the broader indices. The discount rate is utilized principally in calculating the actuarial present value of our obligation and periodic expense pursuant to the SERP. To
the extent the discount rate increases or decreases
 our SERP obligation is decreased or increased
The following table presents the
benefits expected to be paid in the next ten fiscal years: 

































































June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013




































































We expect to recognize $957 of the prior service cost into net periodic pension expense during the fiscal year ending
June&nbsp;25
 2015. 
 


 

2014. These changes are all related to our defined benefit pension plan. 













Balance - June&nbsp;27
 2013











































Balance - June&nbsp;26
 2014















The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive
loss for the year ended June&nbsp;26
 2014 were as follows: 










Reclassifications from AOCL to earnings


Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;June&nbsp;26


























































Amortization of defined pension items
 net of tax



















 

 we also entered into transactions with the related party described below:
We purchase materials from a company that is effectively owned by three members of our Board of Directors
 two of whom are also executive officers
 and
individuals directly related to them. Purchases from this related party aggregated to the following for the years ending: 


















June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012










































June&nbsp;26
 2014





June&nbsp;27
 2013





 


 

following summarizes net sales by distribution channel for the fiscal years ended: 


















June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28
























































































































 brand
 were approximately 31%
 30% and 29% of total consumer channel sales during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively 

 rather than net sales
 because
certain adjustments
 such as promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product types
 for the fiscal year ended: 


















June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28
































































































































For all periods presented
 the largest component of the &#147;Other&#148; product type is trail and snack mixes which include
nut products. 
 
 



































June&nbsp;26
 2014

























































































































































June&nbsp;27
 2013

























































































































































June&nbsp;28
 2012







































































































































 


 

necessarily rely on estimates and caution is required in drawing specific conclusions from quarterly consolidated results. 


































Year Ended June&nbsp;26
 2014:



















































































































































































Year Ended June&nbsp;27
 2013:


































































































































































 


Item&nbsp;9 &#151; Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
Item&nbsp;9A &#151; Controls and Procedures
Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer (&#147;CEO&#148;) and Chief Financial Officer (&#147;CFO&#148;)
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures
 as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act
 as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation
 our CEO and CFO concluded that
 as of
June&nbsp;26
 2014
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and is accumulated and reported to our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 


 as such term is defined in Exchange Act
Rule&nbsp;13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June&nbsp;26
2014
 (1992)&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation
 our management has concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of June&nbsp;26
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June&nbsp;26
 2014
has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
 as stated in their report contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 


 2014 that have materially
affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
Limitations on the Effectiveness of
Our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 does not expect that the Disclosure Controls and Procedures or our Internal Control over
Financial Reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the control&#146;s objectives will be met. Further
 the design of a
control must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all internal controls
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of
simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the controls. The design of any control is based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or
deterioration in the degree of compliance with associated policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. 
There was no
PART III
Item&nbsp;10 &#151; Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

&#148; &#147;Nominees for Election by The Holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock&#148;
&#147;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#148; and &#147;Corporate Governance &#151; Board Meetings and Committees &#151; Audit Committee&#148; and &#147;Corporate Governance &#151; Independence of the Audit Committee&#148; of
our Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting and filed pursuant to Regulation 14A are incorporated herein by reference. Other certain information relating to the directors and executive officers of the Company is included immediately before Part
II of this Report. 
 



 financial and accounting officers
(&#147;Code of Ethics&#148;) and a separate Code of Conduct applicable to all employees and directors generally (&#147;Code of Conduct&#148;). The Code of Ethics and Code of Conduct are available on our website at 
The Sections
entitled &#147;Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers&#148;
 &#147;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&#148;
 &#147;Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation&#148; and &#147;Compensation Committee Report&#148; of our
Item&nbsp;12 &#151; Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
The Section entitled &#147;Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management&#148; of our
Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting is incorporated herein by reference. Other certain information relating to the directors and executive officers of the Company is included immediately before Part II of this Report. 
Item&nbsp;13 &#151; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence 

our Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting are incorporated herein by reference. Other certain information relating to the directors and executive officers of the Company is included immediately before Part II of this Report. 


PART IV
Item&nbsp;15 &#151; Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules 
The
following financial statements are included in Part II
 Item&nbsp;8 &#151; &#147;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&#148;: 






Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Year Ended June&nbsp;26
 2014
 the Year Ended June&nbsp;27
 2013 and the Year
Ended June&nbsp;28
 2012

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June&nbsp;26
 2014 and June&nbsp;27
 2013

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Equity for the Year Ended June&nbsp;26
 2014
 the Year Ended June&nbsp;27
 2013 and the
Year Ended June&nbsp;28
 2012

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended June&nbsp;26
 2014
 the Year Ended June&nbsp;27
 2013 and the Year Ended
June&nbsp;28
 2012




The exhibits
required by Item&nbsp;601 of Regulation S-K and filed herewith are listed in the Exhibit Index which follows the signature page and immediately precedes the exhibits filed. 
See Item&nbsp;15(a)(3)
above. 

 


 

 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 













 INC.
















Chief Executive
Officer
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 





















(Principal
Executive Officer)


 2014








Chief Financial Officer
 Group President
 Secretary and Director



 2014








Senior Vice President
 Finance and Corporate Controller



 2014











 2014











 2014











 2014





/s/ Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.

 Jr.




 2014











 2014











 2014











 2014

 


 

























 Inc. (the &#147;Registrant&#148; or the &#147;Company&#148;)































































 Inc. Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement Number One among John E. Sanfilippo
 as trustee of the Jasper and Marian Sanfilippo Irrevocable Trust
 dated September&nbsp;23
 1990
 Jasper B.
Sanfilippo
 Marian R. Sanfilippo and Registrant
 dated December&nbsp;31
 2003







 Inc. Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement Number Two among Michael J. Valentine
 as trustee of the Valentine Life Insurance Trust
 Mathias Valentine
 Mary Valentine and Registrant
dated December&nbsp;31
 2003







 dated February&nbsp;12
 2004
 to Amended and Restated John B. Sanfilippo &amp; Son
 Inc. Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement Number One among John E. Sanfilippo
 as trustee of the Jasper and Marian Sanfilippo Irrevocable
Trust
 dated September&nbsp;23
 1990
 Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Marian R. Sanfilippo and Registrant
 dated December&nbsp;31
 2003







 dated February&nbsp;12
 2004
 to Amended and Restated John B. Sanfilippo &amp; Son
 Inc. Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement Number Two among Michael J. Valentine
 as trustee of the Valentine Life Insurance Trust
 Mathias
Valentine
 Mary Valentine and Registrant
 dated December&nbsp;31
 2003







 dated as of May&nbsp;26
 2004
 by and between the City of Elgin
 an Illinois municipal corporation
 the Registrant
 Arthur/Busse Limited Partnership
 an Illinois limited partnership
 and 300 East Touhy Avenue
Limited Partnership
 an Illinois limited partnership







 dated as of June&nbsp;18
 2004
 by and between the State of Illinois
 acting by and through its Department of Central Management Services























 dated August&nbsp;31
 2011







 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008
 by and among the Company
 the financial institutions named therein as lenders
 Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC (&#147;WFF&#148;)
 as the arranger and administrative agent for the
lenders
 and Wachovia Capital Finance Corporation (Central)
 in its capacity as documentation agent
 



















 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008
 by the Company in favor of WFF
 as administrative agent for the lenders







 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008
 by and between the Company and Transamerica Financial Life Insurance Company (&#147;TFLIC&#148;)







 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Leases and Rents and Fixture Filing
 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008
 made by the Company related to its Elgin









 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Leases and Rents and Fixture Filing
 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008
 made by JBSS Properties
 LLC related to its Elgin









 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Leases and Rents and Fixture Filing
 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008
 made by the Company related to its Gustine









 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Leases and Rents and Fixture Filing
 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008
 made by the Company related to its Garysburg









 dated February&nbsp;7
 2008
 in the principal amount of $36.0 million executed by the Company in favor of TFLIC







 2008
 in the principal amount of $9.0 million executed by the Company in favor of TFLIC







 as amended










































 dated as of March&nbsp;8
 2010
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC)
 as a lender and administrative agent and Burdale Financial Limited
as a lender














 dated as of July&nbsp;15
 2011
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm
Credit
 ACA for itself and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA
 as a lender







 dated as of October&nbsp;31
 2011
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm
Credit
 ACA
 for itself and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA
 as a lender







 dated as of January&nbsp;22
 2013
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest
Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA
 for itself and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA
 as a lender







 dated as of December&nbsp;16
 2013
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest
Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA
 for itself and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA
 as a lender














 as amended
 


























 filed herewith














 filed herewith














 as amended
 filed herewith







 as amended
 filed herewith







 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended
 filed herewith







 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended
 filed herewith














 filed herewith







 filed herewith







 filed herewith







 filed herewith







 filed herewith







 filed herewith













 2012 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 1991 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 Registration No.&nbsp;33-43353
 as filed with the Commission on November&nbsp;25
 1991 (Commission File No.
0-19681). 




 1998 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2000 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2003 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2004 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2004 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2005 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2007 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2008 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2014 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 
 






 2005 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2008 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2009 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2009 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2010 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2011 (Commission File No.&nbsp;0-19681). 




 2011 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2011 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2011 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2012 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2013 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 




 2013 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 
 













 















JBSS Real Estate
 LLC





JBSS Ventures
 LLC

























 


 333-108298
 333-154850) of John B.
Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. of our report dated August&nbsp;27
 2014 relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 which appears in this Form 10-K. 
Chicago
 Illinois 

 2014 













 
I
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 certify
that: 




 Inc. for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;26
 2014; 





 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 





 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2014 

























 
I
 Michael J. Valentine
 certify
that: 




 Inc. for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;26
 2014; 





 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 





 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2014 








Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and















 
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;26
2014 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Director
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167;&nbsp;1350
 as adopted
pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
1.&nbsp;The Report fully complies with the requirements of
2.&nbsp;The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material
respects
August&nbsp;27
 2014 


























 
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 
for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;26
 2014 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Michael J. Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer and Group President and Director
 certify
 pursuant to 18
U.S.C. &#167;&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that based on my knowledge: 








 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

 2014 









 Group President and Secretary




















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Promotion
 Marketing and Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Promotion allowances
 customer rebates and marketing allowances are
 recorded at the time revenue is recognized and are reflected as
 reductions in sales. Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon
 projected volumes for the year
 while promotion and marketing
 allowances are recorded based upon terms of the actual
 arrangements. Coupon incentive costs are accrued based on estimates
 of product sold to retailers at our measurement date and an
 estimate of redemptions to occur.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The majority of marketing costs and substantially all advertising
 costs are incurred to promote and support branded products in the
 consumer distribution channel. These costs are generally expensed
 as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for
 the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Marketing and advertising expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
330&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
928&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
946&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 7 &amp;#x2014; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We lease certain equipment pursuant to agreements accounted for as
 operating leases. Rent expense aggregated under these operating
 leases was as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rent expense related to operating leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Aggregate non-cancelable lease commitments under these operating
 leases with initial or remaining terms greater than one year are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 25
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
320&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
187&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
038&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;543&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
246&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Litigation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We are currently a party to various legal proceedings in the
 ordinary course of business. While management presently believes
 that the ultimate outcomes of these proceedings
 individually and
 in the aggregate
 will not materially affect our financial
 position
 results of operations or cash flows
 legal proceedings
 are subject to inherent uncertainties
 and unfavorable outcomes
 could occur. Unfavorable outcomes could include substantial money
 damages in excess of any appropriate accruals which management has
 established. Were such unfavorable final outcomes to occur
 there
 exists the possibility of a material adverse effect on our
 financial position
 results of operations and cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Cardenas et. al. v John B. Sanfilippo&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Son
 Inc.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In fiscal 2010
 a class action wage and hour lawsuit was filed
 against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
 Illinois (the &amp;#x201C;District Court&amp;#x201D;) under the Illinois
 Minimum Wage Law (&amp;#x201C;IMWL&amp;#x201D;) and the Fair Labor Standards
 Act (&amp;#x201C;FLSA&amp;#x201D;). The plaintiffs claimed damages under the
 IMWL in an amount equal to all unpaid back pay alleged to be owed
 to the plaintiffs
 prejudgment interest on the back pay
 punitive
 damages
 attorneys&amp;#x2019; fees and costs
 and an injunction
 precluding the Company from violating the IMWL. The plaintiffs
 additionally claimed damages under the FLSA in an amount equal to
 all back pay alleged to be owed to the plaintiffs
 prejudgment
 interest on the back pay
 liquidated damages equal to the amount of
 unpaid back wages
 and attorneys&amp;#x2019; fees and costs. In fiscal
 2011
 the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint in which they
 alleged that the Company maintained and maintains a practice
 regarding the rounding of employees&amp;#x2019; time entries which
 violates the IMWL and the FLSA.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Following mediation during fiscal 2011 in order to cover an
 expanded scope of wage and hour claims
 plaintiffs and facilities
 we agreed in principle to a $2
600 settlement (the
 &amp;#x201C;Settlement Agreement&amp;#x201D;). In the fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2011
 the Settlement Agreement was finalized and
 preliminarily approved by the District Court which included a
 provision allowing for a reverter payment if all or some class
 members do not submit claim forms. We recorded an accrual of $1
950
 in fiscal 2011 for the class action wage and hour lawsuit which was
 our best estimate of the payout to class members who submitted
 claim forms
 net of any estimated reverter payout to the Company
 and other agreed upon payouts pursuant to the settlement
 agreement.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2012
 the Court issued a final
 approval of the Settlement Agreement which did not have a material
 impact on earnings during fiscal 2012. The case was closed and
 formally dismissed by the Court during the fourth quarter of fiscal
 2012. Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement
 we paid
 $2
600 to the claims administrator during the first quarter of
 fiscal 2012 and received a reverter payment for unclaimed
 settlement funds of approximately $665 during the fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2012.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 4 &amp;#x2014; REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 On February&amp;#xA0;7
 2008
 we entered into a Credit Agreement with a
 bank group (the &amp;#x201C;Bank Lenders&amp;#x201D;) providing a $117
500
 revolving loan commitment and letter of credit subfacility (the
 &amp;#x201C;Credit Facility&amp;#x201D;). Also on February&amp;#xA0;7
 2008
 we
 entered into a Loan Agreement with an insurance company (the
 &amp;#x201C;Mortgage Lender&amp;#x201D;) providing us with two term loans
 one in the amount of $36
000 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche A&amp;#x201D;) and the
 other in the amount of $9
000 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche B&amp;#x201D;)
 for an
 aggregate amount of $45
000 (the &amp;#x201C;Mortgage
 Facility&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Credit Facility
 as amended
 matures on July&amp;#xA0;15
 2016 and
 is secured by substantially all our assets other than real property
 and fixtures. The Mortgage Facility is secured by mortgages on
 essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina (the
 &amp;#x201C;Encumbered Properties&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 On December&amp;#xA0;16
 2013
 we entered into a Consent and Fifth
 Amendment to the Credit Facility (the &amp;#x201C;Fifth
 Amendment&amp;#x201D;) which permitted the Company to form and invest in
 a wholly-owned Chinese subsidiary and made technical modifications
 to definitions.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The portion of the borrowing base calculation based upon machinery
 and equipment decreased by $1
500 per year for the first five years
 to coincide with depreciation of the machinery and equipment
 collateral. As of June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014 and June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 the
 weighted average interest rate for the Credit Facility was 2.13%
 and 2.23%
 respectively. The terms of the Credit Facility contain
 covenants that require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions and certain sales of assets
 cash dividends
 redemptions of capital stock and prepayment of
 indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among other things
 is of a
 subordinate debt). If loan availability under the Borrowing Base
 Calculation falls below $25
000
 we will be required to maintain a
 specified fixed charge coverage ratio
 tested on a monthly basis.
 All cash received from customers is required to be applied against
 the Credit Facility. The Bank Lenders are entitled to require
 immediate repayment of our obligations under the Credit Facility in
 the event of default on the payments required under the Credit
 Facility
 a change in control in the ownership of the Company
 non-compliance with the financial covenants or upon the occurrence
 of certain other defaults by us under the Credit Facility
 (including a default under the Mortgage Facility). As of
 June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014
 we were in compliance with all covenants under
 the Credit Facility and we currently expect to be in compliance
 with the financial covenant in the Credit Facility for the
 foreseeable future. As of June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014
 we had $72
458 of
 available credit under the Credit Facility which reflects
 borrowings of $40
542 and reduced availability as a result of
 $4
500 in outstanding letters of credit. We would still be in
 compliance with all restrictive covenants under the Credit Facility
 if this entire amount were borrowed.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share are calculated using the weighted
 average number of shares of Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock
 outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects
 the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other
 contracts to issue Common Stock were exercised or converted into
 Common Stock or resulted in the issuance of Common Stock.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted
 average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted
 earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
033
310&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
863
064&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
726
004&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options and restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;129
933&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
132
347&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
992
997&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
828
512&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock
 options excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per
 share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;107
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average exercise price:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Inventories
 which consist principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market
 which approximates actual cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at
 least quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews and other nuts may affect the
 value of inventory
 gross profit and gross profit margin. When
 expected market sales prices move below costs
 we record
 adjustments to write down the carrying values of inventories to the
 lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market. The results of our
 shelling process can also result in changes to inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus expected crop
 yields. We maintain significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell
 pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 are determined based on our inventory systems and are subject to
 quarterly physical verification techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The quantities of each crop year
 bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to
 fifteen month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates are
 also recorded.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The reconciliations of income taxes at the statutory federal income
 tax rate to income taxes reported in the Consolidated Statements of
 Comprehensive Income for the last three fiscal years are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development tax credit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Domestic manufacturing deduction&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effective tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following weighted-average assumptions were used to determine
 the fair value of options granted during fiscal 2013 and fiscal
 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected dividend yield&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected life (years)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted
 average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted
 earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
033
310&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
863
064&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
726
004&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options and restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;129
933&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
132
347&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
992
997&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
828
512&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We account for stock-based employee compensation arrangements in
 accordance with the provisions of ASC&amp;#xA0;718 by calculating
 compensation cost based on the grant date fair value. We then
 amortize compensation expense over the vesting period on a straight
 line basis. We estimate the fair value of each stock option on the
 date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 discounted by an estimated forfeiture rate (using the risk-free
 interest rate
 expected term
 expected volatility
 and dividend
 yield variables). The grant date fair value of RSUs is determined
 based on the market price of our Common Stock on the date of
 grant.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We account for comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic
 220
 &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/i&gt;. This topic establishes standards
 for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its
 components in a full set of general-purpose financial statements.
 The topic requires that all components of comprehensive income be
 reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same
 prominence as other financial statements. This topic also requires
 all non-owner changes in stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity be presented in
 either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in
 two separate but consecutive statements. This guidance also
 requires presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented
 or in the notes and information about significant amounts required
 under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other
 comprehensive income in their entirety. For amounts not required to
 be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 we provide a
 cross-reference to other disclosures that offer additional details
 about those amounts.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 3 &amp;#x2014; INTANGIBLE ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Intangible assets subject to amortization consist of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-compete agreement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total intangible assets
 gross&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less accumulated amortization:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
203&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-compete agreement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
582&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
501&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
059&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
025&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total accumulated amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
844&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
215&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
246&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Customer relationships and the non-compete agreement relate wholly
 to the Orchard Valley Harvest (&amp;#x201C;OVH&amp;#x201D;) acquisition
 completed in fiscal 2010. Customer relationships are being
 amortized on a straight line basis over seven years. The
 non-compete agreement is being amortized based upon the expected
 pattern of cash flow annual benefit over a five year period. The
 brand name consists primarily of the &lt;i&gt;Fisher&lt;/i&gt; brand name
 which we acquired in a 1995 acquisition. The &lt;i&gt;Fisher&lt;/i&gt; brand
 name became fully amortized in fiscal 2011. The remainder of the
 brand name relates to the OVH acquisition and is being amortized on
 a straight line basis over five years.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Total amortization expense related to intangible assets
 which is
 classified in administrative expense in the consolidated statement
 of comprehensive income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
629&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
069&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
973&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Expected amortization expense for the next five fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 25
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
167&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
710&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
369&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach
 that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
 liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that
 have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such
 items give rise to differences in the financial reporting and tax
 basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded
 to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more
 likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be
 realized. Any investment tax credits are accounted for by using the
 flow-through method
 whereby the credits are reflected as
 reductions of tax expense in the year they are recognized in the
 financial statements. In estimating future tax consequences
 we
 consider all expected future events other than changes in tax law
 or rates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We record liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on a
 two-step process. The first step is recognition
 where we evaluate
 whether an individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than
 50% of being sustained upon examination based on the technical
 merits of the position
 including resolution of any related appeals
 or litigation processes. For tax positions that are currently
 estimated to have a less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no
 tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the
 recognition threshold in the first step
 we perform the second step
 of measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits
 ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future
 periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may
 require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates with
 regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and
 measurement estimates are recorded in results of operations and
 financial position in the period in which such changes occur.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized
 tax benefits in the income tax expense /(benefit) caption in the
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering
 our historical taxable income and future taxable income based upon
 the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $175 of basis differences for which we have provided a
 valuation allowance.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Accounts receivable are stated at the amounts charged to customers
 less allowances for doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated
 cash discounts and customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful
 accounts is calculated by specifically identifying customers that
 are credit risks and estimating the extent that other
 non-specifically identified customers will become credit risks.
 Account balances are charged off against the allowance when we
 conclude that it is probable the receivable will not be recovered.
 The reserve for estimated cash discounts is based on historical
 experience. The reserve for customer deductions represents known
 customer short payments and an estimate of future credit memos that
 will be issued to customers related to rebates and allowances for
 marketing and promotions based on agreed upon programs and
 historical experience.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock
 options excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per
 share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;107
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average exercise price:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Inventories consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Raw material and supplies&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
417&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;80
925&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Work-in-process and finished goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;93
413&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77
781&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;182
830&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;158
706&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The components of the net periodic pension cost are as follows for
 the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;323&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;343&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;243&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;634&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Recognized gain amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service cost amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic pension cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
870&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
615&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Exercise prices for options outstanding as of June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014
 ranged from $7.95 to $18.46 and may be segregated into two ranges
 as shown below:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Option Price Per
 Share Range&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;$7.95&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;$11.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;$14.73&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;$18.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Number of options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted-average exercise price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.91&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.98&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted-average remaining life in years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Number of options exercisable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
750&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted-average exercise price for exercisable options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.92&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18.05&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following is a summary of stock option activity for the year
 ended June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;115
250&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.44&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
250&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32.30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.98&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;786&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable at June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.95&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.86&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;768&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 2 &amp;#x2014; INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Inventories consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Raw material and supplies&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89
417&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;80
925&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Work-in-process and finished goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;93
413&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77
781&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;182
830&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;158
706&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 15 &amp;#x2014; TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In addition to the related party transactions described in Note 5
 we also entered into transactions with the related party described
 below:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We purchase materials from a company that is effectively owned by
 three members of our Board of Directors
 two of whom are also
 executive officers
 and individuals directly related to them.
 Purchases from this related party aggregated to the following for
 the years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchases from related party&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
077&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
723&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Accounts payable to this related entity aggregated to the following
 for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;232&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value
 estimate of our long term debt
 including current maturities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Carrying value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
015&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
355&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
091&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
059&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Expected amortization expense for the next five fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 25
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
167&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
710&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
369&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 exists
 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price
 is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured. We
 sell our products under some arrangements which include customer
 contracts which fix the sales price for periods
 typically of up to
 one year
 for some industrial customers and through specific
 programs consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer
 rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer
 customers and commercial ingredient users. Reserves for these
 programs are established based upon the terms of specific
 arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of rebates and promotion
 and marketing allowances. Revenues are also recorded net of
 expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past
 experiences. While customers do have the right to return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product returns have been
 insignificant. Provisions for returns are reflected as a reduction
 in net sales and are estimated based upon customer specific
 circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling costs are
 included in revenues.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following is a summary of non-vested stock options for the year
 ended June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 27.05pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Grant-Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-vested at June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
625&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.45&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-vested at June 26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
625&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Significant Customers and Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The highly competitive nature of our business provides an
 environment for the loss of customers and the opportunity to gain
 new customers. We are subject to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts receivable
 and we attempt to mitigate
 this risk through our credit evaluation process
 collection terms
 and through geographical dispersion of sales. Sales to three
 customers each exceeded 10% of net sales during fiscal 2014 and
 2013. There were two customers in fiscal 2012 that each had sales
 exceeding 10% of net sales. Sales to these customers represented
 approximately 46%
 48% and 36% of our net sales in fiscal 2014
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. Net accounts receivable
 from these customers were 55% and 49% of net accounts receivable at
 June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014 and June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Accounts payable to this related entity aggregated to the following
 for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;232&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The provision for income taxes for the last three fiscal years is
 as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June 27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
274&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
405&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
420&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
078&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
488&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
978&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
483&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
908&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(750&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred state&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;192&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;567&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(809&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total income tax expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
536&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
099&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Intangible assets subject to amortization consist of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-compete agreement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total intangible assets
 gross&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less accumulated amortization:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
203&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
689&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-compete agreement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
582&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
501&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
059&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
025&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total accumulated amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
844&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
215&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
246&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We purchase materials from a company that is effectively owned by
 three members of our Board of Directors
 two of whom are also
 executive officers
 and individuals directly related to them.
 Purchases from this related party aggregated to the following for
 the years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchases from related party&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
077&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
723&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 17 &amp;#x2014; VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND
 RESERVES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table details the activity in various allowance and
 reserve accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 39.5pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;194&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
539&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
439&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
884&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
381&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
914&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;815&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(640&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
443&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;195&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;194&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
899&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
899&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
122&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
256&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
494&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
884&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;815&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;815&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
867&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
970&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
394&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
443&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(74&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;195&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;470&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
447&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
367&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
179&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
638&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
695&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
122&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
873&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
136&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
867&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs
 which include freight and other
 expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in
 selling expenses. Shipping and handling costs for the last three
 fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
895&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
801&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
757&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Management Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
 the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for
 customer deductions
 the quantity and valuation of bulk
 inventories
 the evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets
 and the realizability of deferred tax assets. Actual results could
 differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Total amortization expense related to intangible assets
 which is
 classified in administrative expense in the consolidated statement
 of comprehensive income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
629&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
069&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
973&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Major
 improvements that extend the useful life
 add capacity
 or add
 functionality are capitalized and charged to expense through
 depreciation. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense
 as incurred. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold
 or retired are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain
 or loss is recognized currently in operating income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Depreciation expense for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
649&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
648&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Cost is depreciated using the straight-line method over the
 following estimated useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 46.1pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Furniture and leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computers and software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 No interest costs were capitalized for the last three fiscal years
 due to the lack of any significant project.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 18 &amp;#x2014; SUPPLEMENTARY QUARTERLY DATA (Unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following unaudited quarterly consolidated financial data are
 presented for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013. Quarterly financial
 results necessarily rely on estimates and caution is required in
 drawing specific conclusions from quarterly consolidated
 results.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 9px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
697&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;225
114&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;174
291&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;202
520&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
369&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
948&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
799&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income from operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
328&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
394&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
136&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
775&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
681&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
607&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.84&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.60&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.83&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash dividends declared per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;177
507&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;215
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;163
815&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;177
393&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
676&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
879&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income from operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
324&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
534&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
583&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.77&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.51&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.76&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.51&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash dividends declared per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The fourth quarter of fiscal 2014
 contained a $0.4 increase in cost of sales due to a change in the
 estimate of on-hand quantities of bulk-stored inshell pecan and
 walnut inventories.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Research and Development Expenses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Research and development expense represents the cost of our
 research and development personnel and their related expenses and
 is charged to selling expenses as incurred. Research and
 development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
233&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;&lt;/div&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The table below sets forth the changes to accumulated other
 comprehensive loss (&amp;#x201C;AOCL&amp;#x201D;) for the fiscal year ended
 June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014. These changes are all related to our defined
 benefit pension plan.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&amp;#xA0;other&lt;br /&gt;
 comprehensive&amp;#xA0;loss&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 9px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance - June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
454&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net current-period other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(339&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance - June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate
 debits/expense.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the components of AOCL that have not
 yet been recognized in net pension expense:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net gain&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;735&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
220&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
177&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
982&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
756&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net amount unrecognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Long-term debt consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mortgage Facility (&amp;#x201C;Tranche A&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly principal installments of $200 plus
 interest at 7.63%&amp;#xA0;per annum through February 2023 with a final
 principal payment of $600 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mortgage Facility (&amp;#x201C;Tranche B&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly principal installments of $50 plus
 interest at the greater of one month LIBOR plus 3.75%&amp;#xA0;per
 annum or 4.50% through February 2023 with a final principal payment
 of $150 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
350&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
950&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Selma
 Texas facility financing obligation to related parties
 due
 in monthly installments of $121 through September&amp;#xA0;1
 2031&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
015&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
355&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Current maturities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
349&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
666&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 8 &amp;#x2014; STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#x2019; EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Our Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the &amp;#x201C;Class A
 Stock&amp;#x201D;)
 has cumulative voting rights with respect to the
 election of those directors which the holders of Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock
 are entitled to elect
 and 10 votes per share on all other matters
 on which holders of our Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock and Common Stock are
 entitled to vote
 with the exception of election of the directors
 for which the holders of Common Stock are eligible to elect. In
 addition
 each share of Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock is convertible at the
 option of the holder at any time into one share of Common Stock and
 automatically converts into one share of Common Stock upon any sale
 or transfer other than to related individuals. Each share of our
 Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the &amp;#x201C;Common Stock&amp;#x201D;) has
 noncumulative voting rights of one vote per share. The Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Stock and the Common Stock are entitled to share equally
 on a
 share-for-share basis
 in any cash dividends declared by the Board
 of Directors
 and the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to
 elect 25%
 rounded up to the nearest whole number
 of the members
 comprising the Board of Directors.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 11 &amp;#x2014; INVESTMENT IN ARMA ENERGY
 INC.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Over the past few years we developed
 marketed
 and secured
 proprietary and intellectual property rights to the &amp;#x201C;ARMA
 brand&amp;#x201D; in select markets. The ARMA brand products consisted
 of &amp;#x201C;energy-infused&amp;#x201D; snack products
 including kettle
 cooked potato chips
 trail mixes
 fruit and nut blends
 granola
 mixes and other products. Sales of ARMA brand products were
 historically immaterial to our financial condition
 results of
 operations and cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 On February&amp;#xA0;1
 2013 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement
 with ARMA Energy
 Inc. (&amp;#x201C;AEI&amp;#x201D;) whereby we received
 approximately 71% of the preferred stock of AEI in exchange for
 sales
 marketing
 services
 and other expenses already incurred. In
 addition
 on February&amp;#xA0;1
 2013
 we sold all of our intellectual
 property rights in the ARMA brand to AEI in exchange for a secured
 promissory note in the principal amount of $500 payable over five
 years. The fair value of the note received and non-controlling
 interest retained at the time of sale were not deemed material. At
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 our ownership percentage had decreased to
 approximately 58% due to additional investment from unrelated
 parties. After recording our proportional share of losses
 our
 investment in this entity was $0 at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 During the third quarter of fiscal 2014 we divested of our equity
 investment in AEI and cancelled the secured promissory note
 receivable. This produced a tax benefit which favorably impacted
 our fiscal 2014 effective tax rate.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Deferred Financing Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Deferred financing costs are incurred to obtain long-term financing
 and are amortized using the effective interest method over the term
 of the related debt. The amortization of deferred financing costs
 which is classified in interest expense in the consolidated
 statement of comprehensive income
 was as follows for the last
 three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of deferred financing costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;442&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;370&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 6 &amp;#x2014; INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The provision for income taxes for the last three fiscal years is
 as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
274&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
405&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
420&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
078&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
488&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
978&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
483&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
908&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(750&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred state&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;192&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;567&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(947&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(809&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total income tax expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
536&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
099&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The reconciliations of income taxes at the statutory federal income
 tax rate to income taxes reported in the Consolidated Statements of
 Comprehensive Income for the last three fiscal years are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development tax credit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Domestic manufacturing deduction&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effective tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The increase in the effective tax rate of fiscal 2013 is primarily
 due to the impact of an $815 valuation allowance recorded against
 deferred tax assets that were created as a result of our equity
 investment in
 and sale of intellectual property rights to an
 unconsolidated variable interest entity. During fiscal 2014 we
 divested our investment in
 and cancelled a secured promissory note
 due from this entity. The tax benefit of these losses was $640 and
 consequently reduced the fiscal 2014 effective tax rate.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected
 future tax consequences of temporary differences between the
 financial statement basis and the tax basis of assets and
 liabilities using enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future
 years. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;343&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;298&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
785&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
021&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;424&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;376&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Workers&amp;#x2019; compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;673&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;597&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;296&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;620&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(189&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax asset - current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
484&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
723&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-current tax assets (liabilities):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
525&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(278&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capitalized leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
249&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
099&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill and intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
081&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating loss carryforwards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retirement plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
046&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Workers&amp;#x2019; compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
347&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
194&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capital loss carryforward&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity method investment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;615&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;522&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;348&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(626&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax asset &amp;#x2013; long term&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;726&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;827&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax assets - total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
210&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management
 considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
 all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
 realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation
 of future taxable income of the character necessary during the
 periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.
 Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax
 liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and
 carryforward periods)
 projected future taxable income
 and
 tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. The net change
 in the total valuation allowance was a decrease of $640 in fiscal
 2014 and an increase of $815 in fiscal 2013. If or when recognized
 the tax benefits relating to any reversal of the valuation
 allowance will be recognized as a reduction of income tax
 expense.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We have gross state tax net operating losses of approximately
 $3
649 that will expire in 2024 if not utilized.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We have an immaterial amount of gross state tax credits.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 For the years ending June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014 and June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest and penalties were
 $263 and $131. Accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain
 tax positions are not material for any periods presented. Interest
 and penalties were not material for any period presented. The total
 gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits were $247 and $139 at
 June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014 and June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Beginning balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross increases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in prior year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross decreases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in prior year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross increases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in current year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Ending balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;247&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the
 annual effective tax rate on income from continuing operations
 are
 as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits that would affect annual effective tax
 rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;233&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;127&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We do not anticipate that total unrecognized tax benefits will
 significantly change in the next twelve months.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 There were certain changes in state tax laws during the period the
 impact of which was insignificant. We file income tax returns with
 federal and state tax authorities within the United States of
 America. Our federal tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2011
 and later. Our Illinois tax returns are currently under audit for
 fiscal 2011 and 2012. Our Illinois tax return is open for audit for
 fiscal 2013. Our California tax returns are open for audit for
 fiscal 2009 and later. No other tax jurisdictions are material to
 us.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 5 &amp;#x2014; LONG-TERM DEBT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Long-term debt consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mortgage Facility (&amp;#x201C;Tranche A&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly principal installments of $200 plus
 interest at 7.63%&amp;#xA0;per annum through February 2023 with a final
 principal payment of $600 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23
800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mortgage Facility (&amp;#x201C;Tranche B&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly principal installments of $50 plus
 interest at the greater of one month LIBOR plus 3.75%&amp;#xA0;per
 annum or 4.50% through February 2023 with a final principal payment
 of $150 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
350&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
950&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Selma
 Texas facility financing obligation to related parties
 due
 in monthly installments of $121 through September&amp;#xA0;1
 2031&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
015&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
355&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Current maturities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
349&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
666&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
665&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We are subject to periodic interest rate resets for each of Tranche
 A and Tranche B. Specifically
 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2018 (the
 &amp;#x201C;Tranche A Reset Date&amp;#x201D;) and March&amp;#xA0;1
 2016 and
 every two years thereafter (each
 a &amp;#x201C;Tranche B Reset
 Date&amp;#x201D;)
 the&amp;#xA0;Mortgage Lender&amp;#xA0;may reset the interest
 rates for each of Tranche A and Tranche B
 respectively
 in its
 sole and absolute discretion. If the reset interest rate for either
 Tranche A or Tranche B is unacceptable to us and we (i)&amp;#xA0;do not
 have sufficient funds to repay amounts due with respect to Tranche
 A or Tranche B on the Tranche A Reset Date or Tranche B Reset Date
 in each case
 as applicable
 or (ii)&amp;#xA0;are unable to refinance
 amounts due with respect to Tranche A or Tranche B on the Tranche A
 Reset Date or Tranche B Reset Date
 in each case
 as applicable
 on
 terms more favorable than the reset interest rates
 then
 depending
 on the extent of the changes in the reset interest rates
 our
 interest expense could increase materially.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Tranche A under the Mortgage Facility accrues interest at a fixed
 interest rate of 7.63%&amp;#xA0;per annum
 payable monthly. As
 mentioned above
 such interest rate may be reset by the Mortgage
 Lender on the Tranche A Reset Date. Tranche B under the Mortgage
 Facility accrues interest
 as reset on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2014
 at a
 floating rate of the greater of one month LIBOR plus 3.75%&amp;#xA0;per
 annum or 4.50%
 payable monthly. The margin on such floating rate
 may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on each Tranche B Reset Date;
 provided
 however
 that the Mortgage Lender may also change the
 underlying index on each Tranche B Reset Date occurring on or after
 March&amp;#xA0;1
 2016. We do not currently anticipate that any change
 in the floating rate or the underlying index will have a material
 adverse effect upon our business
 financial condition or results of
 operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The terms of the Mortgage Facility contain covenants that require
 us to maintain a specified net worth of $110
000 and maintain the
 Encumbered Properties. The Mortgage Lender is entitled to require
 immediate repayment of our obligations under the Mortgage Facility
 in the event we default in the payments required under the Mortgage
 Facility
 non-compliance with the covenants or upon the occurrence
 of certain other defaults by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of
 June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014
 we were in compliance with all covenants under
 the Mortgage Facility. We currently believe that we will be in
 compliance with the financial covenants in the Mortgage Facility
 for the foreseeable future and therefore $19
000 of Tranche A has
 been classified as long-term debt as of June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014 which
 represents scheduled principal payments that are due beyond twelve
 months. As of the second quarter of fiscal 2014
 amounts
 outstanding under Tranche B are no longer classified entirely as
 short-term debt since the Mortgage Lender waived its option to use
 the proceeds from the sale of the Old Elgin Site
 which in part
 served as collateral for the Mortgage Facility
 to reduce the
 amount outstanding under Tranche B. Therefore
 $4
750 of Tranche B
 has been classified as long-term debt as of June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014
 which represents scheduled principal payments that are due beyond
 twelve months.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In September 2006
 we sold our Selma
 Texas properties to two
 related party partnerships for $14
300 and are leasing them back.
 The selling price was determined by an independent appraiser to be
 the fair market value which also approximated our carrying value.
 The lease for the Selma
 Texas properties has a ten-year term at a
 fair market value rent with three five-year renewal options. Also
 we have an option to purchase the properties from the partnerships
 after five years at 95% (100% in certain circumstances) of the then
 fair market value
 but not to be less than the $14
300 purchase
 price. The financing obligation is being accounted for similar to
 the accounting for a capital lease
 whereby the $14
300 was
 recorded as a debt obligation
 as the provisions of the arrangement
 are not eligible for sale-leaseback accounting. The balance of the
 debt obligation outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014 was $12
264.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Aggregate maturities of long-term debt are as follows for the
 fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
349&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
376&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
441&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
477&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
965&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
015&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the changes in the projected benefit
 obligation for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Change in projected benefit obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
989&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;323&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;343&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;634&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial loss (gain)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
454&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(655&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
025&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;343&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;298&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
785&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
021&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;424&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;376&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Workers&amp;#x2019; compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;673&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;597&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;296&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;620&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(189&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax asset - current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
484&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
723&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-current tax assets (liabilities):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
525&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(278&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capitalized leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
249&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
099&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill and intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
081&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating loss carryforwards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retirement plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
046&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Workers&amp;#x2019; compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
347&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
194&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capital loss carryforward&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity method investment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;615&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;522&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;348&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(626&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax asset &amp;#x2013; long term&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;726&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;827&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax assets - total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
210&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Aggregate non-cancelable lease commitments under these operating
 leases with initial or remaining terms greater than one year are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 25
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
320&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
187&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
038&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;543&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
246&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Aggregate maturities of long-term debt are as follows for the
 fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
349&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
376&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
441&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
477&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
965&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
015&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following unaudited quarterly consolidated financial data are
 presented for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013. Quarterly financial
 results necessarily rely on estimates and caution is required in
 drawing specific conclusions from quarterly consolidated
 results.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 9px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
697&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;225
114&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;174
291&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;202
520&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
369&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
948&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
799&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
749&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income from operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
328&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
394&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
136&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
775&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
681&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
607&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.84&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.60&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.83&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash dividends declared per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;177
507&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;215
619&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;163
815&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;177
393&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
676&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
879&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income from operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
869&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
324&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
534&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
301&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
583&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.77&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.51&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.76&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.51&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash dividends declared per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(1)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The fourth quarter of fiscal 2014
 contained a $0.4 increase in cost of sales due to a change in the
 estimate of on-hand quantities of bulk-stored inshell pecan and
 walnut inventories.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Facility Consolidation Project/Real Estate Transactions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In April 2005
 we acquired property to be used for the Elgin Site.
 Two buildings are located on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an
 office building. Approximately 74% of the office building is
 currently vacant. The other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and
 modified for use as our principal processing facility and
 headquarters. The allocation of the purchase price to the two
 buildings was determined through a third party appraisal. The value
 assigned to the office building is included in rental investment
 property on the balance sheet. The value assigned to the warehouse
 building is included in &amp;#x201C;Property
 plant and
 equipment&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The net rental expense from the office building is included in the
 caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross
 rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal
 years are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross rental income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
697&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
671&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rental (expense)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
495&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
450&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within
 the office building is as follows for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
745&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
756&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;558&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
428&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
685&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On March&amp;#xA0;28
 2006
 our wholly-owned subsidiary JBSS
 Properties
 LLC acquired title by quitclaim deed to the site that
 was originally purchased in Elgin
 Illinois (the &amp;#x201C;Old Elgin
 Site&amp;#x201D;) for our facility consolidation project and also
 entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the
 &amp;#x201C;Agreement&amp;#x201D;) with the City of Elgin (the
 &amp;#x201C;City&amp;#x201D;). In the third quarter of fiscal 2013
 JBSS
 Properties
 LLC transferred all of its properties and agreements to
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC. Under the terms of the Agreement
 the City
 assigned to us their remaining rights and obligations under a
 development agreement entered into by and among the Company
 certain related party partnerships and the City (the
 &amp;#x201C;Development Agreement&amp;#x201D;). We incurred $6
806 of gross
 costs under the Development Agreement
 and had a carrying value of
 $6
175 at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013. These costs were recorded as
 &amp;#x201C;Assets held for sale&amp;#x201D; at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On December&amp;#xA0;26
 2013 (the second quarter of fiscal 2014)
 we
 completed the sale of the Old Elgin Site. The sales price was
 $8
000 and resulted in a pre-tax gain of $1
641.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In September 2012
 we completed the sale of land and a building
 where we owned and operated a retail store in Barrington
 Illinois.
 Proceeds from the sale were $870
 net of expenses of $45
 and
 resulted in a pre-tax gain of $660 which is recorded in
 &amp;#x201C;Administrative expenses&amp;#x201D; for the year ended
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 1 &amp;#x2014; SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation and Consolidation and Description of
 Business&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of John
 B. Sanfilippo&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Son
 Inc.
 and our wholly-owned
 subsidiaries
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC and
 Sanfilippo (Shanghai) Trading Co. Ltd. Our fiscal year ends on the
 last Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists of
 fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week quarters). The accompanying
 consolidated financial statements and related footnotes are
 presented in accordance with accounting principles generally
 accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 and tree nuts in the United States. These nuts are sold under a
 variety of private brands and under the&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Fisher
 Orchard Valley
 Harvest&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;and&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Sunshine
 Country&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;brand
 names. We also market and distribute
 and in most cases manufacture
 or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 nut clusters
 sunflower kernels
 dried
 fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products
 under private brands and brand names. Our products are sold through
 the major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 contract
 packaging customers and international customers.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Management Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
 the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for
 customer deductions
 the quantity and valuation of bulk
 inventories
 the evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets
 and the realizability of deferred tax assets. Actual results could
 differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Accounts receivable are stated at the amounts charged to customers
 less allowances for doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated
 cash discounts and customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful
 accounts is calculated by specifically identifying customers that
 are credit risks and estimating the extent that other
 non-specifically identified customers will become credit risks.
 Account balances are charged off against the allowance when we
 conclude that it is probable the receivable will not be recovered.
 The reserve for estimated cash discounts is based on historical
 experience. The reserve for customer deductions represents known
 customer short payments and an estimate of future credit memos that
 will be issued to customers related to rebates and allowances for
 marketing and promotions based on agreed upon programs and
 historical experience.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Inventories
 which consist principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market
 which approximates actual cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at
 least quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews and other nuts may affect the
 value of inventory
 gross profit and gross profit margin. When
 expected market sales prices move below costs
 we record
 adjustments to write down the carrying values of inventories to the
 lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market. The results of our
 shelling process can also result in changes to inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus expected crop
 yields. We maintain significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell
 pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 are determined based on our inventory systems and are subject to
 quarterly physical verification techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The quantities of each crop year
 bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to
 fifteen month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates are
 also recorded.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Major
 improvements that extend the useful life
 add capacity
 or add
 functionality are capitalized and charged to expense through
 depreciation. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense
 as incurred. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold
 or retired are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain
 or loss is recognized currently in operating income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Depreciation expense for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
649&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
648&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Cost is depreciated using the straight-line method over the
 following estimated useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 46.1pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;5 to 10
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Furniture and leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;5 to 10
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computers and software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 No interest costs were capitalized for the last three fiscal years
 due to the lack of any significant project.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Assets Held For Sale&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 An asset is classified as held for sale when (i)&amp;#xA0;management
 commits to a plan to sell and it is actively marketed
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;it
 is available for immediate sale and the sale is expected to be
 completed within one year and (iii)&amp;#xA0;it is unlikely significant
 changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be
 withdrawn. Assets held for sale may exceed one year due to events
 or circumstances beyond our control. Recoverability is also
 assessed and assets held for sale are reported at the lower of
 carrying value or fair-value less costs to sell. Assets classified
 as held for sale are no longer depreciated and are reported on a
 separate line on the balance sheet.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We review held and used long-lived assets
 including our rental
 investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows
 whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that
 the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such
 events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
 expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the
 asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long lived asset
 or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of
 future cash flows derived from the most recent business
 projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair
 value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We did not record any impairment of long-lived assets for the last
 three fiscal years.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Deferred Financing Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Deferred financing costs are incurred to obtain long-term financing
 and are amortized using the effective interest method over the term
 of the related debt. The amortization of deferred financing costs
 which is classified in interest expense in the consolidated
 statement of comprehensive income
 was as follows for the last
 three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of deferred financing costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;442&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;370&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Facility Consolidation Project/Real Estate Transactions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In April 2005
 we acquired property to be used for the Elgin Site.
 Two buildings are located on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an
 office building. Approximately 74% of the office building is
 currently vacant. The other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and
 modified for use as our principal processing facility and
 headquarters. The allocation of the purchase price to the two
 buildings was determined through a third party appraisal. The value
 assigned to the office building is included in rental investment
 property on the balance sheet. The value assigned to the warehouse
 building is included in &amp;#x201C;Property
 plant and
 equipment&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The net rental expense from the office building is included in the
 caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross
 rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal
 years are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross rental income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
697&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
671&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rental (expense)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
495&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
450&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within
 the office building is as follows for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
745&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
756&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;558&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
428&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
685&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On March&amp;#xA0;28
 2006
 our wholly-owned subsidiary JBSS
 Properties
 LLC acquired title by quitclaim deed to the site that
 was originally purchased in Elgin
 Illinois (the &amp;#x201C;Old Elgin
 Site&amp;#x201D;) for our facility consolidation project and also
 entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the
 &amp;#x201C;Agreement&amp;#x201D;) with the City of Elgin (the
 &amp;#x201C;City&amp;#x201D;). In the third quarter of fiscal 2013
 JBSS
 Properties
 LLC transferred all of its properties and agreements to
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC. Under the terms of the Agreement
 the City
 assigned to us their remaining rights and obligations under a
 development agreement entered into by and among the Company
 certain related party partnerships and the City (the
 &amp;#x201C;Development Agreement&amp;#x201D;). We incurred $6
806 of gross
 costs under the Development Agreement
 and had a carrying value of
 $6
175 at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013. These costs were recorded as
 &amp;#x201C;Assets held for sale&amp;#x201D; at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On December&amp;#xA0;26
 2013 (the second quarter of fiscal 2014)
 we
 completed the sale of the Old Elgin Site. The sales price was
 $8
000 and resulted in a pre-tax gain of $1
641.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In September 2012
 we completed the sale of land and a building
 where we owned and operated a retail store in Barrington
 Illinois.
 Proceeds from the sale were $870
 net of expenses of $45
 and
 resulted in a pre-tax gain of $660 which is recorded in
 &amp;#x201C;Administrative expenses&amp;#x201D; for the year ended
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) defines fair value as the price that
 would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
 an orderly transaction between market participants on the
 measurement date. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy
 that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure
 fair value into three broad levels:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=90%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top nowrap=nowrap&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1-&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Quoted prices in active markets that are
 accessible at the measurement date for identical assets and
 liabilities.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top nowrap=nowrap&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2-&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Observable inputs other than quoted prices in
 active markets. For example
 quoted prices for similar assets or
 liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets
 or liabilities in inactive markets.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top nowrap=nowrap&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3-&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Unobservable inputs for which there is little or
 no market data available.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The carrying values of cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts
 payable approximate their fair values at June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014 and
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 because of the short-term maturities and nature
 of these balances.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The carrying value of our Credit Facility (as defined in Note 4 in
 the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &amp;#x201C;Revolving
 Credit Facility&amp;#x201D; below) borrowings approximates fair value at
 June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014 and June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 because interest rates on
 this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2
 criteria)
 the short term maturity and nature of this balance. In
 addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent
 credit risk.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value
 estimate of our long term debt
 including current maturities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Carrying value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
015&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
355&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
091&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
059&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The estimated fair value of long-term debt was determined using a
 market approach based upon Level 2 observable inputs
 which
 estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on
 loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or
 broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes
 in the underlying assets securing our long-term debt
 other than
 the sale of the Old Elgin Site discussed above.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 exists
 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price
 is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured. We
 sell our products under some arrangements which include customer
 contracts which fix the sales price for periods
 typically of up to
 one year
 for some industrial customers and through specific
 programs consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer
 rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer
 customers and commercial ingredient users. Reserves for these
 programs are established based upon the terms of specific
 arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of rebates and promotion
 and marketing allowances. Revenues are also recorded net of
 expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past
 experiences. While customers do have the right to return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product returns have been
 insignificant. Provisions for returns are reflected as a reduction
 in net sales and are estimated based upon customer specific
 circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling costs are
 included in revenues.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We operate in a single reportable operating segment that consists
 of selling various nut and nut related products through multiple
 distribution channels.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Significant Customers and Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The highly competitive nature of our business provides an
 environment for the loss of customers and the opportunity to gain
 new customers. We are subject to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts receivable
 and we attempt to mitigate
 this risk through our credit evaluation process
 collection terms
 and through geographical dispersion of sales. Sales to three
 customers each exceeded 10% of net sales during fiscal 2014 and
 2013. There were two customers in fiscal 2012 that each had sales
 exceeding 10% of net sales. Sales to these customers represented
 approximately 46%
 48% and 36% of our net sales in fiscal 2014
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. Net accounts receivable
 from these customers were 55% and 49% of net accounts receivable at
 June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014 and June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Promotion
 Marketing and Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Promotion allowances
 customer rebates and marketing allowances are
 recorded at the time revenue is recognized and are reflected as
 reductions in sales. Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon
 projected volumes for the year
 while promotion and marketing
 allowances are recorded based upon terms of the actual
 arrangements. Coupon incentive costs are accrued based on estimates
 of product sold to retailers at our measurement date and an
 estimate of redemptions to occur.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The majority of marketing costs and substantially all advertising
 costs are incurred to promote and support branded products in the
 consumer distribution channel. These costs are generally expensed
 as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for
 the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Marketing and advertising expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
330&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
928&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
946&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs
 which include freight and other
 expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in
 selling expenses. Shipping and handling costs for the last three
 fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
895&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
801&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
757&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Research and Development Expenses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Research and development expense represents the cost of our
 research and development personnel and their related expenses and
 is charged to selling expenses as incurred. Research and
 development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
233&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We account for stock-based employee compensation arrangements in
 accordance with the provisions of ASC&amp;#xA0;718 by calculating
 compensation cost based on the grant date fair value. We then
 amortize compensation expense over the vesting period on a straight
 line basis. We estimate the fair value of each stock option on the
 date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 discounted by an estimated forfeiture rate (using the risk-free
 interest rate
 expected term
 expected volatility
 and dividend
 yield variables). The grant date fair value of RSUs is determined
 based on the market price of our Common Stock on the date of
 grant.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach
 that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
 liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that
 have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such
 items give rise to differences in the financial reporting and tax
 basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded
 to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more
 likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be
 realized. Any investment tax credits are accounted for by using the
 flow-through method
 whereby the credits are reflected as
 reductions of tax expense in the year they are recognized in the
 financial statements. In estimating future tax consequences
 we
 consider all expected future events other than changes in tax law
 or rates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We record liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on a
 two-step process. The first step is recognition
 where we evaluate
 whether an individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than
 50% of being sustained upon examination based on the technical
 merits of the position
 including resolution of any related appeals
 or litigation processes. For tax positions that are currently
 estimated to have a less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no
 tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the
 recognition threshold in the first step
 we perform the second step
 of measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits
 ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future
 periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may
 require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates with
 regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and
 measurement estimates are recorded in results of operations and
 financial position in the period in which such changes occur.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized
 tax benefits in the income tax expense /(benefit) caption in the
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering
 our historical taxable income and future taxable income based upon
 the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $175 of basis differences for which we have provided a
 valuation allowance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share are calculated using the weighted
 average number of shares of Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock
 outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects
 the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other
 contracts to issue Common Stock were exercised or converted into
 Common Stock or resulted in the issuance of Common Stock.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted
 average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted
 earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
033
310&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
863
064&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
726
004&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options and restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;129
933&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
132
347&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
992
997&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
828
512&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock
 options excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per
 share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;107
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average exercise price:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18.46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We account for comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic
 220
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/i&gt;.
 This topic establishes standards for reporting and displaying
 comprehensive income and its components in a full set of
 general-purpose financial statements. The topic requires that all
 components of comprehensive income be reported in a financial
 statement that is displayed with the same prominence as other
 financial statements. This topic also requires all non-owner
 changes in stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity be presented in either a
 single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two
 separate but consecutive statements. This guidance also requires
 presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on
 the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the
 notes and information about significant amounts required under U.S.
 GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
 income in their entirety. For amounts not required to be
 reclassified in their entirety to net income
 we provide a
 cross-reference to other disclosures that offer additional details
 about those amounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-02
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Comprehensive Income (Topic
 220)&amp;#x2014;Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;The new guidance requires
 presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on
 the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the
 notes and information about significant amounts required under U.S.
 GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
 income in their entirety. For amounts not required to be
 reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required
 to cross-reference to other disclosures that provide additional
 details about those amounts. This guidance is effective for fiscal
 years beginning on or after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2012
 and interim
 periods within those annual periods. We adopted this update in the
 first quarter of fiscal 2014. The update only affects the
 presentation of comprehensive income and does not impact what is
 included in comprehensive income
 and therefore the adoption of
 this update did not have an impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2014-08
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial
 Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic
 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of
 Disposals of Components of an Entity&lt;/i&gt;. This update changes the
 threshold for reporting discontinued operations and adds new
 disclosures. The update defines a discontinued operation as a
 disposal of a component or group of components that is disposed of
 or is classified as held for sale and &amp;#x201C;represents a strategic
 shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity&amp;#x2019;s
 operations and financial results.&amp;#x201D; For disposals of
 individually significant components that do not qualify as
 discontinued operations
 an entity must disclose pre-tax earnings
 of the disposed component. For public business entities
 this
 guidance is effective prospectively for all disposals (or
 classifications as held for sale) of components of an entity that
 occur within annual periods beginning on or after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2014
 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is
 permitted
 but only for disposals (or classifications as held for
 sale) that have not been reported in financial statements
 previously issued or available for issuance. The Company does not
 expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on our
 financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
 ASU 2014-09
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with
 Customers&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;and
 created a new ASC Topic 606
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with
 Customers&lt;/i&gt;
 and added ASC Subtopic 340-40
&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;Other Assets and Deferred
 Costs&amp;#x2014;Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;. The guidance in this
 update supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic
 605
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the
 industry topics of the codification. Under the new guidance
 an
 entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised
 goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
 consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in
 exchange for those goods or services. This guidance will be
 effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2017. This
 guidance can be adopted either retrospectively to each prior
 reporting period presented
 or retrospectively with a
 cumulative-effect adjustment recognized as of the date of adoption.
 The Company is currently assessing the impact of this new guidance
 on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2014-12
 Compensation&amp;#x2014;Stock Compensation (Topic 718):&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Accounting for Share-Based
 Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance
 Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period (a
 consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force).&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;This guidance requires a
 performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved
 after the requisite service period to be treated as a performance
 condition. The current accounting standard for stock-based
 compensation as it applies to awards with performance conditions
 should be applied. This guidance is effective for fiscal years
 including interim reporting periods
 beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. This update
 will be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2017.
 The Company is currently assessing the impact of this guidance
 but
 does not anticipate it will have a material impact on our financial
 position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 9 &amp;#x2014; STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At our annual meeting of stockholders on October&amp;#xA0;30
 2008
 our
 stockholders approved a new equity incentive plan
 (the&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;2008 Equity Incentive Plan&amp;#x201D;) pursuant to
 which awards of options and stock-based awards may be made to
 members of the Board of Directors
 employees and other individuals
 providing services to the Company. A total of 1
000
000 shares of
 Common Stock are authorized for grants of awards under the 2008
 Equity Incentive Plan
 which may be in the form of options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 stock appreciation rights
 (&amp;#x201C;SARs&amp;#x201D;)
 Common Stock or dividends and dividend
 equivalents. As of June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014
 there were 599
705 shares of
 Common Stock that remained authorized for future grants of awards
 subject to the limitations set below. A maximum of 500
000 of the
 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock authorized under the 2008 Equity
 Incentive Plan may be used for grants of Common Stock
 restricted
 stock and restricted stock units. Additionally
 awards of options
 or SARs are limited to 100
000 shares annually to any single
 individual
 and awards of Common Stock
 restricted stock or
 restricted stock units are limited to 50
000 shares annually to any
 single individual. All restricted stock units granted under the
 2008 Equity Incentive Plan have vesting periods of three years for
 awards to employees and one year for awards to non-employee members
 of the Board of Directors. Recipients of restricted stock unit
 awards have the option to defer receipt of vested shares until a
 specified later date
 typically soon after separation from the
 Company. The exercise price of stock options was determined as set
 forth in the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan by the Compensation
 Committee of our Board of Directors
 and must be at least the fair
 market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as
 set forth in the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
 options expire upon
 termination of employment or directorship
 as applicable. The
 options granted under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan are
 exercisable 25% annually commencing on the first anniversary date
 of grant and become fully exercisable on the fourth anniversary
 date of grant. Options generally will expire no later than ten
 years after the date on which they are granted. We issue new shares
 of Common Stock upon exercise of stock options.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The 2008 Equity Incentive Plan replaced a stock option plan
 approved at our annual meeting of stockholders on October&amp;#xA0;28
 1998 (the&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;1998 Equity Incentive Plan&amp;#x201D;) pursuant
 to which awards of options and stock-based awards could be made.
 There were 700
000 shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance
 to certain key employees and &amp;#x201C;outside directors&amp;#x201D; (i.e.
 directors who are not employees of the Company). The exercise price
 of the options was determined as set forth in the 1998 Equity
 Incentive Plan by the Board of Directors and was at least the fair
 market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as
 set forth in the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan
 options expire upon
 termination of employment or directorship
 as applicable. The
 options granted under the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan are
 exercisable 25% annually commencing on the first anniversary date
 of grant and become fully exercisable on the fourth anniversary
 date of grant. Options generally will expire no later than ten
 years after the date on which they are granted. We issue new shares
 of Common Stock upon exercise of stock options issued pursuant to
 the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan. Through fiscal 2007
 all of the
 options granted
 except those granted to outside directors
 were
 intended to qualify as incentive stock options within the meaning
 of Section&amp;#xA0;422 of the Internal Revenue Code. Effective fiscal
 2008
 all option grants are non-qualified awards. The 1998 Equity
 Incentive Plan terminated on September&amp;#xA0;1
 2008. However
 all
 outstanding options issued pursuant to the 1998 Equity Incentive
 Plan will continue to be governed by the terms of the 1998 Equity
 Incentive Plan and their respective award agreements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We determine the fair value of stock option awards using the
 Black-Scholes option-pricing model. There were no options granted
 in fiscal 2014. The following weighted-average assumptions were
 used to determine the fair value of options granted during fiscal
 2013 and fiscal 2012:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected dividend yield&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected life (years)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The expected term of the awards was determined using the
 &amp;#x201C;simplified method&amp;#x201D; as stated in SEC Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No.&amp;#xA0;107 that utilizes the following formula:
 ((vesting term + original contract term)/2). Expected stock
 volatility was determined based on historical volatility for the
 6.25 year-period preceding the measurement date. The risk-free rate
 was based on the yield curve in effect at the time the options were
 granted
 using U.S. treasury constant maturities over the expected
 life of the option. Expected forfeitures were determined based upon
 our expectations and past experiences. Expected dividend yield was
 based on our dividend practices at the time the options were
 granted.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following is a summary of stock option activity for the year
 ended June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;115
250&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.44&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
250&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32.30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.98&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;786&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable at June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.95&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.86&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;768&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The number of stock options vested
 and expected to vest in the
 future
 as of June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014
 is not significantly different
 from the number of stock options outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014
 as stated above. All options granted during fiscal 2013 and fiscal
 2012 were at exercise prices equal to the market price of Common
 Stock at the grant date.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the weighted-average grant-date fair
 value of option awards granted
 the total intrinsic value of all
 options exercised and the total cash received from the exercise of
 options for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.77&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.39&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total intrinsic value of options exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;535&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;394&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total cash received from exercise of options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
219&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;452&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following is a summary of non-vested stock options for the year
 ended June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 27.05pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Grant-Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-vested at June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
625&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.45&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-vested at June 26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
625&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Exercise prices for options outstanding as of June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014
 ranged from $7.95 to $18.46 and may be segregated into two ranges
 as shown below:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Option Price Per
 Share Range&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;$7.95&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;$11.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;$14.73&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;$18.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Number of options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted-average exercise price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.91&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.98&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted-average remaining life in years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Number of options exercisable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
750&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted-average exercise price for exercisable options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.92&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18.05&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Restricted stock units granted to employees and outside directors
 vest over a three-year and one-year period
 respectively. The fair
 value of restricted stock awards is determined based on the market
 price of our Common Stock on the date of grant.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following is a summary of restricted stock unit activity for
 the year ended June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 76.35pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Restricted Stock Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Grant-Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June 27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;215
294&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
710&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.32&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(79
196&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.74&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.77&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June 26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;201
308&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.23&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014 there were 40
098 restricted stock units
 outstanding that were vested but deferred. At June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 there were 37
500 restricted stock units outstanding that were
 vested but deferred. The non-vested restricted stock units at
 June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014 will vest over a weighted-average period of 1.4
 years.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2011 we granted 10
000 SARs to a
 marketing consultant which vested over a three year period and had
 a ten year term. In the third quarter of fiscal 2013 the consultant
 exercised 7
500 of the SARs and the Compensation Committee
 accelerated the vesting of the remaining awards. During the first
 quarter of fiscal 2014
 the remaining 2
500 shares vested and the
 resulting liability was settled.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes compensation cost charged to
 earnings for all equity compensation plans and the total income tax
 benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation cost charged to earnings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;905&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;820&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax benefit recognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;512&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;95&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014
 there was $1
551 of total unrecognized
 compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation
 arrangements granted under our stock-based compensation plans. We
 expect to recognize that cost over a weighted-average period of 1.4
 years.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We review held and used long-lived assets
 including our rental
 investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows
 whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that
 the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such
 events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
 expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the
 asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long lived asset
 or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of
 future cash flows derived from the most recent business
 projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair
 value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We did not record any impairment of long-lived assets for the last
 three fiscal years.&lt;/p&gt;


 two of whom are also executive officers


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-02
 &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive Income (Topic 220)&amp;#x2014;Reporting of Amounts
 Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&lt;/i&gt; The
 new guidance requires presentation by the respective line items of
 net income
 either on the face of the statement where net income is
 presented or in the notes and information about significant amounts
 required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated
 other comprehensive income in their entirety. For amounts not
 required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an
 entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures that
 provide additional details about those amounts. This guidance is
 effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2012
 and interim periods within those annual periods. We adopted
 this update in the first quarter of fiscal 2014. The update only
 affects the presentation of comprehensive income and does not
 impact what is included in comprehensive income
 and therefore the
 adoption of this update did not have an impact on our financial
 position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2014-08
 &lt;i&gt;Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations
 and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity&lt;/i&gt;. This
 update changes the threshold for reporting discontinued operations
 and adds new disclosures. The update defines a discontinued
 operation as a disposal of a component or group of components that
 is disposed of or is classified as held for sale and
 &amp;#x201C;represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major
 effect on an entity&amp;#x2019;s operations and financial
 results.&amp;#x201D; For disposals of individually significant
 components that do not qualify as discontinued operations
 an
 entity must disclose pre-tax earnings of the disposed component.
 For public business entities
 this guidance is effective
 prospectively for all disposals (or classifications as held for
 sale) of components of an entity that occur within annual periods
 beginning on or after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2014
 and interim periods
 within those years. Early adoption is permitted
 but only for
 disposals (or classifications as held for sale) that have not been
 reported in financial statements previously issued or available for
 issuance. The Company does not expect the adoption of this update
 to have a material impact on our financial position
 results of
 operations or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
 ASU 2014-09
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt; and
 created a new ASC Topic 606
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with
 Customers&lt;/i&gt;
 and added ASC Subtopic 340-40
 &lt;i&gt;Other Assets and
 Deferred Costs&amp;#x2014;Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;. The guidance in
 this update supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC
 Topic 605
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 and most industry-specific
 guidance throughout the industry topics of the codification. Under
 the new guidance
 an entity should recognize revenue to depict the
 transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount
 that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be
 entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance
 will be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2017.
 This guidance can be adopted either retrospectively to each prior
 reporting period presented
 or retrospectively with a
 cumulative-effect adjustment recognized as of the date of adoption.
 The Company is currently assessing the impact of this new guidance
 on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2014-12
 Compensation&amp;#x2014;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): &lt;i&gt;Accounting
 for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a
 Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service
 Period (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force).&lt;/i&gt;
 This guidance requires a performance target that affects vesting
 and that could be achieved after the requisite service period to be
 treated as a performance condition. The current accounting standard
 for stock-based compensation as it applies to awards with
 performance conditions should be applied. This guidance is
 effective for fiscal years
 including interim reporting periods
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2015. Early adoption is
 permitted. This update will be effective for the Company beginning
 in fiscal year 2017. The Company is currently assessing the impact
 of this guidance
 but does not anticipate it will have a material
 impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash
 flows.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 13 &amp;#x2014; RETIREMENT PLAN&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On August&amp;#xA0;2
 2007
 the committee then known as the
 Compensation
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the
 &amp;#x201C;Committee&amp;#x201D;) approved a restated Supplemental Employee
 Retirement Plan (&amp;#x201C;SERP&amp;#x201D;) for certain executive officers
 and key employees
 retroactively effective as of August&amp;#xA0;25
 2005. The restated SERP retroactively changed the plan adopted on
 August&amp;#xA0;25
 2005 to
 among other things
 clarify certain
 actuarial provisions and incorporate new Internal Revenue Service
 requirements. The SERP is an unfunded
 non-qualified benefit plan
 that will provide eligible participants with monthly benefits upon
 retirement
 disability or death
 subject to certain conditions.
 Benefits paid to retirees are based on age at retirement
 years of
 credited service
 and average compensation. We use our fiscal
 year-end as the measurement date for the obligation calculation.
 Accounting guidance now codified in ASC Topic 715
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2013;
 Retirement Benefits&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;requires the recognition of
 the funded status of the SERP on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
 Actuarial gains or losses
 prior service costs or credits and
 transition obligations that have not yet been recognized are
 recorded as a component of &amp;#x201C;Accumulated Other Comprehensive
 Loss&amp;#x201D; (&amp;#x201C;AOCL&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents the changes in the projected benefit
 obligation for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Change in projected benefit obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
989&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;323&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;343&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;634&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial loss (gain)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
454&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(655&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
025&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
268&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Components of the actuarial loss (gain) portion of the change in
 projected benefit obligation are presented below for the fiscal
 years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Actuarial Loss (Gain)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in assumed pay increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
084&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
555&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
494&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in bonus assumption&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(19&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial loss (gain)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
454&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
579&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The components of the net periodic pension cost are as follows for
 the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;323&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;343&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;243&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;634&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;570&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Recognized gain amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service cost amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic pension cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
870&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
615&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Significant assumptions related to our SERP include the discount
 rate used to calculate the actuarial present value of benefit
 obligations to be paid in the future and the average rate of
 compensation expense increase by SERP participants.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We used the following assumptions to calculate the benefit
 obligations of our SERP as of the following dates:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;4.37%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;4.90%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Bonus payment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We used the following assumptions to calculate the net periodic
 costs of our SERP as follows for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;4.90%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;4.17%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;5.51%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Bonus payment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The assumed discount rate is based
 in part
 upon a discount rate
 modeling process that considers both high quality long-term indices
 and the duration of the SERP plan relative to the durations
 implicit in the broader indices. The discount rate is utilized
 principally in calculating the actuarial present value of our
 obligation and periodic expense pursuant to the SERP. To the extent
 the discount rate increases or decreases
 our SERP obligation is
 decreased or increased
 accordingly.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents the benefits expected to be paid in
 the next ten fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 37.05pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;653&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;629&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;611&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020 &amp;#x2014; 2024&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
073&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents the components of AOCL that have not
 yet been recognized in net pension expense:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net gain&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;735&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
220&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
177&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
982&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
756&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net amount unrecognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We expect to recognize $957 of the prior service cost into net
 periodic pension expense during the fiscal year ending
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We used the following assumptions to calculate the benefit
 obligations of our SERP as of the following dates:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.37%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.90%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Bonus payment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We operate in a single reportable operating segment that consists
 of selling various nut and nut related products through multiple
 distribution channels.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the weighted-average grant-date fair
 value of option awards granted
 the total intrinsic value of all
 options exercised and the total cash received from the exercise of
 options for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.77&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.39&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total intrinsic value of options exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;535&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;394&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total cash received from exercise of options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
219&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;452&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 14 &amp;#x2013; ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The table below sets forth the changes to accumulated other
 comprehensive loss (&amp;#x201C;AOCL&amp;#x201D;) for the fiscal year ended
 June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014. These changes are all related to our defined
 benefit pension plan.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&amp;#xA0;other&lt;br /&gt;
 comprehensive&amp;#xA0;loss&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 9px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance - June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
164&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
454&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;226&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net current-period other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(339&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance - June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate
 debits/expense.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss
 for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 148.35pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Reclassifications from AOCL to earnings&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 9px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&amp;#xA0;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Affected&amp;#xA0;line&amp;#xA0;item&amp;#xA0;in&amp;#xA0;the&lt;br /&gt;
 Consolidated&amp;#xA0;Statements&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined benefit pension items:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Administrative&amp;#xA0;expenses&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net gain&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total before tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;355&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Income tax expense&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined pension items
 net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(534&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate
 debits to expense. See Note 13 above for additional details.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 12 &amp;#x2014; EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We maintain a contributory plan established pursuant to the
 provisions of section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan
 provides retirement benefits for all nonunion employees meeting
 minimum age and service requirements. We currently match 100% of
 the first three percent contributed by each employee and 50% of the
 next two percent contributed
 up to certain maximums specified in
 the plan. Our expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the
 last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 401(k) plan expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2009
 we recorded a long-term
 liability of $868 for the withdrawal from the multiemployer plan
 (&amp;#x201C;Route pension&amp;#x201D;) for the step-van drivers that were
 employed for our store-door delivery system that was discontinued
 during fiscal 2008. Pursuant to terms of settlement with a labor
 union
 we are making monthly payments of $8 (including interest)
 through April 2022.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The total Route pension liability was as follows for the last two
 fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Route pension liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;646&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Virtually all of our salaried employees participate in our
 Sanfilippo Value Added Plan (as amended
 the &amp;#x201C;SVA
 Plan&amp;#x201D;) which is a cash incentive plan (an economic value
 added-based program) administered by our Compensation Committee. We
 accrue expense related to the SVA Plan in the annual period that
 the economic performance underlying such performance occurs. This
 method of expense recognition properly matches the expense
 associated with improved economic performance with the period the
 improved performance occurs on a systematic and rational basis.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) defines fair value as the price that
 would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
 an orderly transaction between market participants on the
 measurement date. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy
 that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure
 fair value into three broad levels:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=92%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1-&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Quoted prices in active markets that are
 accessible at the measurement date for identical assets and
 liabilities.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Level 2-&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Observable inputs other than quoted prices in
 active markets. For example
 quoted prices for similar assets or
 liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets
 or liabilities in inactive markets.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Level 3-&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Unobservable inputs for which there is little or
 no market data available.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The carrying values of cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts
 payable approximate their fair values at June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014 and
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 because of the short-term maturities and nature
 of these balances.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The carrying value of our Credit Facility (as defined in Note 4 in
 the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &amp;#x201C;Revolving
 Credit Facility&amp;#x201D; below) borrowings approximates fair value at
 June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014 and June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 because interest rates on
 this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2
 criteria)
 the short term maturity and nature of this balance. In
 addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent
 credit risk.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value
 estimate of our long term debt
 including current maturities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Carrying value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
015&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42
355&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
091&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46
059&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The estimated fair value of long-term debt was determined using a
 market approach based upon Level 2 observable inputs
 which
 estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on
 loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or
 broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes
 in the underlying assets securing our long-term debt
 other than
 the sale of the Old Elgin Site discussed above.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Cost is depreciated using the straight-line method over the
 following estimated useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 46.1pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Furniture and leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computers and software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss
 for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 148.35pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Reclassifications from AOCL to earnings&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 9px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&amp;#xA0;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Affected&amp;#xA0;line&amp;#xA0;item&amp;#xA0;in&amp;#xA0;the&lt;br /&gt;
 Consolidated&amp;#xA0;Statements&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined benefit pension items:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Administrative&amp;#xA0;expenses&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net gain&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total before tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;355&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Income tax expense&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined pension items
 net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(534&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate
 debits to expense. See Note 13 above for additional details.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes compensation cost charged to
 earnings for all equity compensation plans and the total income tax
 benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation cost charged to earnings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;905&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;820&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax benefit recognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;512&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;202&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;95&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the benefits expected to be paid in
 the next ten fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 37.05pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;653&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;629&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;611&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020 &amp;#x2014; 2024&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
073&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following is a summary of restricted stock unit activity for
 the year ended June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 76.35pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Restricted Stock Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Grant-Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June 27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;215
294&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68
710&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.32&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(79
196&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.74&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.77&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June 26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;201
308&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.23&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the
 annual effective tax rate on income from continuing operations
 are
 as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits that would affect annual effective tax
 rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;233&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;127&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The amortization of deferred financing costs
 which is classified
 in interest expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
 income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of deferred financing costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;329&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;442&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;370&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation and Consolidation and Description of
 Business&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of John
 B. Sanfilippo&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Son
 Inc.
 and our wholly-owned
 subsidiaries
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC and
 Sanfilippo (Shanghai) Trading Co. Ltd. Our fiscal year ends on the
 last Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists of
 fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week quarters). The accompanying
 consolidated financial statements and related footnotes are
 presented in accordance with accounting principles generally
 accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 and tree nuts in the United States. These nuts are sold under a
 variety of private brands and under the &lt;i&gt;Fisher
 Orchard Valley
 Harvest&lt;/i&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Sunshine Country&lt;/i&gt; brand names. We also market
 and distribute
 and in most cases manufacture or process
 a diverse
 product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 nut
 clusters
 sunflower kernels
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame
 sticks and other sesame snack products under private brands and
 brand names. Our products are sold through the major distribution
 channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 contract packaging customers and
 international customers.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Our expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the last three
 fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 401(k) plan expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Assets Held For Sale&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 An asset is classified as held for sale when (i)&amp;#xA0;management
 commits to a plan to sell and it is actively marketed
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;it
 is available for immediate sale and the sale is expected to be
 completed within one year and (iii)&amp;#xA0;it is unlikely significant
 changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be
 withdrawn. Assets held for sale may exceed one year due to events
 or circumstances beyond our control. Recoverability is also
 assessed and assets held for sale are reported at the lower of
 carrying value or fair-value less costs to sell. Assets classified
 as held for sale are no longer depreciated and are reported on a
 separate line on the balance sheet.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The net rental expense from the office building is included in the
 caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross
 rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal
 years are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross rental income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
697&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
671&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rental (expense)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
495&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
450&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Components of the actuarial loss (gain) portion of the change in
 projected benefit obligation are presented below for the fiscal
 years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Actuarial Loss (Gain)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in assumed pay increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
084&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
555&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
494&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in bonus assumption&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(19&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial loss (gain)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
454&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
579&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The majority of marketing costs and substantially all advertising
 costs are incurred to promote and support branded products in the
 consumer distribution channel. These costs are generally expensed
 as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for
 the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Marketing and advertising expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
330&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
928&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
946&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;
 &lt;p&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following summarizes net sales by distribution channel for the
 fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 72.6pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Distribution Channel&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Consumer *&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;453
339&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;436
228&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;418
699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commercial Ingredients&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;193
180&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;177
774&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
611&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Contract Packaging&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;85
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
388&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Export&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
978&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
877&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;778
622&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;734
334&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;700
575&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;*&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Sales of branded products
 primarily
 all &lt;i&gt;Fisher&lt;/i&gt; brand
 were approximately 31%
 30% and 29% of
 total consumer channel sales during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;



 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Research and development expense represents the cost of our
 research and development personnel and their related expenses and
 is charged to selling expenses as incurred. Research and
 development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
233&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Depreciation expense for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
649&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
648&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;
 &lt;div&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/div&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 10 &amp;#x2014; SPECIAL CASH DIVIDENDS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 On October&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 our Board of Directors
 after considering
 the financial position of our Company and other factors
 declared a
 special cash dividend of $1.50 per share on all issued and
 outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock of the
 Company (the &amp;#x201C;2014 Special Dividend&amp;#x201D;). The 2014 Special
 Dividend of $16
599 was paid on December&amp;#xA0;5
 2013 to
 stockholders of record at the close of business on
 November&amp;#xA0;21
 2013. The ex-dividend date was the close of
 business on November&amp;#xA0;19
 2013. The Company obtained the
 appropriate consent from the Bank Lenders in order to declare and
 pay the 2014 Special Dividend.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 On December&amp;#xA0;10
 2012
 our Board of Directors
 after
 considering the financial position of our Company and other
 factors
 declared a special cash dividend of $1.00 per share on all
 issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Stock of the Company (the &amp;#x201C;2013 Special Dividend&amp;#x201D;). The
 2013 Special Dividend of $10
889 was paid December&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 to stockholders of record at the close of business on
 December&amp;#xA0;20
 2012. The ex-dividend date was the close of
 business on December&amp;#xA0;18
 2012. We obtained the appropriate
 consent from the Bank Lenders in order to declare and pay the 2013
 Special Dividend.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 16 &amp;#x2014; DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL AND PRODUCT TYPE SALES
 MIX&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We operate in a single reportable operating segment through which
 we sell various nut products through multiple distribution
 channels. The following summarizes net sales by distribution
 channel for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 72.6pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Distribution Channel&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Consumer *&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;453
339&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;436
228&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;418
699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Commercial Ingredients&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;193
180&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;177
774&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176
611&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Contract Packaging&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;85
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
388&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Export&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
978&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
877&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;778
622&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;734
334&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;700
575&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;*&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Sales of branded products
 primarily
 all &lt;i&gt;Fisher&lt;/i&gt; brand
 were approximately 31%
 30% and 29% of
 total consumer channel sales during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of
 total gross sales. The information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments
 such as
 promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product types
 for the
 fiscal year ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 46.9pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Product Type&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Peanuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pecans&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cashews &amp;amp; Mixed Nuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Walnuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Almonds&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 For all periods presented
 the largest component of the
 &amp;#x201C;Other&amp;#x201D; product type is trail and snack mixes which
 include nut products.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of
 total gross sales. The information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments
 such as
 promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product types
 for the
 fiscal year ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:46.90pt; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Product Type&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Peanuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Pecans&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Cashews &amp;amp; Mixed Nuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Walnuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Almonds&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size:8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size:8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size:8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;



  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Beginning balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;133&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross increases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in prior year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross decreases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in prior year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross increases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in current year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Ending balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;247&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
895&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
801&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
757&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;
 &lt;div&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/div&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table details the activity in various allowance and
 reserve accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; WIDTH: 39.5pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;194&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
539&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
439&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
884&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
381&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
914&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;815&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(640&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
443&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;195&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;194&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
899&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
899&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
122&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
256&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
494&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
884&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;815&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;815&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
867&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
970&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
394&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
443&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(74&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;195&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;470&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
447&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
367&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
179&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
638&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
695&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
122&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
873&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
130&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
136&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
867&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The total Route pension liability was as follows for the last two
 fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Route pension liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;646&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We used the following assumptions to calculate the net periodic
 costs of our SERP as follows for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.90%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.17%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;5.51%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Bonus payment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


  

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Rent expense aggregated under these operating leases was as follows
 for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rent expense related to operating leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
459&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within
 the office building is as follows for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
745&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
756&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;599&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;558&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
428&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
685&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    




















  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2014-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2014-01-31
  xmlns:jbss=http://www.jbssinc.com/20140626
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2013-01-31
  xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2014-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
  xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2014-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
  xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
  xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://www.jbssinc.com/20140626




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink






    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 including related party payables of $232 and $290



    




    
    


    

 less allowances of $3
210 and $2
628



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    




    




    




    
    


    




    
    


    




    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 excluding refunds of $292
 $14
 and $565



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

136
 $1
161 and $1
151 to related parties



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 less current maturities
 including related party debt of $11
916 and $12
264

    


    

 including related party debt of $348 and $321



    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 plant and equipment

    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Current Period



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    




    

 less accumulated depreciation of $7
262 and $6
470



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    






    






    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    




    




    
    




    
    
    


    


    


    




    


    


    
    


    






    




    




    






    




    






    
    


    






    




    




    




    
    


    




    




    




    
    


    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 at cost; 117



    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 that if recognized

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    

 Not Primary Beneficiary



    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g749500g91f77.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````9```_^$#\6AT


#$R+S`R+S`V+3$T.C4V.C(W



M+F-O;2]X87`O




T(V.3)!130Q
4)$
#4Y-CE$039#
M-35&

M:60Z0T





Z=&ET;&4^(#PO


#`P
#`P
#`0$!`0$!
M`0(!`0(`@$`@
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P/_P``1`#^`C0#`1$``A$!`Q$!_\0`D0`!``(`P$!

M``$!!P$&`P8%!`
!`@


G-==8&D-C-D1`0``P``P$!`0`````````!$2%Q$C%!46$D8$B
M_]H`#`
!``(1`Q$`/P#W\8$#/)W


M;!IVEC;HZ;CRZ5A;&Z=GQH$%6N(F!L4J-$%N0C=_#F`]GW@!`U:FK9OTVED4
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`
MP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P




MA2X*-[
/&

B@@T

MMQ7JDZ!L1[-5*#`DDCWH*]);YJZMJ+QI1[R*=`T5:-1&2[:!MA'/IKS9C-[
M/?75&6\MBBJ91''@Z,RV+8GI2^?/%'RX*5H0*CE2=.83[H1:S3-I-YAZ-AO

MG

8XT4Y;-&R-FJ^G^@X0RVQN$GJ;0Y

5EGC)]WZEZ%K6]

MR;'



WCORI
MBG+[7$2MV
H3`KT:M:SR^LYN0?')I#):VICFEW0F[).



WL3*9-RP)G1W)SE/2W2:&/#C?!:(YK53^;*X62


M`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#









?)SU_P!BK$^BW;K+IQS23JQVOVQ#--::D8`I$L#H:'IS3S0)6N)M
MK;HM








IAP-:
-


:.)E

M?3;A
RB*:DO&\9Z0KWCU?7
/CCV]6+



M06M[U$34SZIF?*6.94P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`




!@
M!@
!@
!@
!@
#3'0O/U4=34W.*%NZ
[EM9V$WI$
A9R75X8%X#FMU0/[$\
L


*N%MMJP8/
H\^SB)VG%8:U-KJQ*C!
P6UN3)$R9


J8#`
M8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`
M8#`8&(S6?P.M6)5*;&FT1@$90@&8MD4UDC-%6)&6`/M#


MJ:)OM3-36MGBJ0%F+5\B1E&GDF[V+00;WHN6U^#KD\O\[F'9U-\ZU^JB\*@U




6][WA&\L!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!
M@
!@
#2/1_0]6\HTE/\`H*Z7E:Q5M6[8B7ORQK9721O*I2[O+;&HZQ

?9$J





62
DT!H1;+WO98O\`9ZZ%K0H_
;RV3W02



C+ZCF$TYS)Z.GJ083A3SKNP

:KE]PNO+_

M*.]X(L(?;WK!:1G)'(Q_+ZZ^I-(+SLKH2Q.C;/9K3L2?V:RUE''


8Q;%A$R
!@
!@
!@
!@

MYHJ^2W3?5A1NK*JAWRGZFG





MWK&7SY^EW2E%67U3;33*XYSGN(5ZS1'AJ)]`-%5V+)RJXDSXTOCA+SF\M/M&

)CQZ=.\HSM
M]L/J!PILATAO&O(O!%6-5

EZ?8&%


SY2XS*F`P&`P&`P&`P&`P&`


E489IFBC:QAO:.UU(SW9


+_:+]O6P^T*?0
5\YM^^ALAM?AWQZ

/UKP\

:I







!@
!@?D`








MI.=2]4-R^.1].IT]NBF3*B5BP9)2


IOE)\?7Y#
_*#9U36

MQ8W+XW

H![LT0![T'8ICX.];%?\`H_=`U_X]



M$




0?*Y:M

DTO6RQJ4%
4`SL1

]S
M)R3-C.M[H/GOQ9J2T8[\%&5
V&N&Q:






;D'0=Z&E6%D*2]ZWH0-;UO6$;TP&`P&`P&`P
M&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P--7WT/1O+=9/UR=$6I:=K-%A$[3&=OB1D:P'FA'M*V(

[*6U
M

M#G8#`8#`8#`8#`Z-^D\:BJ(QRE$A8XVW%%'GFKWYV0
Z(LA*#1BDXQ4X*$Y`


E<N0MZE6,AI<



OCMK

MJB(
5UW&(62]US9@6@Z+Z4$FVC
!C8]L@S-*V/0/C5)HR1:#H8=:=U#WPD;D
MT_QAR!4I4PVI7A:ULW7G/:Q8W3.:2#Y99T)&8XG,R%2GIID_P`R.=2S=IWT
M'[A7LW]


M12#QO^05.9N$V=


.CE;5[$8M&81&(1%6*'P

B`QLI;B


MV\/^;N8_^X

3OH/JX0VO
MQ;<83Z(HLV(E)V/U<9(.8.0BBS-Z2_0E^L2B_+Z:BQZWK?T_'4:$W]-@<

7\S\EFN/&G+R=

MJU$_^4)SW
@G!]=B2A_0(1?PGYSAP_Q_P`A-06CF7FRFZ5+$5[I8Z06L;7

NMZW^F];UO]-ZWK`K/O\`\1W$
ME[S`RW&FOWKFSHHO9IS=TWR'*G3G]$:TT6A#6.DIKH3:USOVQ!U[9$F;WM(
M8'6@C*WK]




S9.U3%L*2'&:+VO3D*FDX?\`[*LW6];V1.+`8#`8#`8$
M=;TZQY]YKDU$0^[+)9H)(^EK50TM2[6Y`6&G3&PW%M6.:1I+VC3*VQ&,*4

..
`222`9IIIHPEEE%EAV
M


DL(7]8%TE:L9.
MCS'``QB+T1;%@

QQJ/(

8@AV&0X#`8'S--*(*
//

M

MW?.$==\O+[WZRDRH3_HX[GWFZYI/#6LIA85SU\:[6=(8C$ZR1M;PI1:;42OY
MP)
S_`!8U



A;L:2I7)PHCDKH$D1?L

B9Y-NNZX%5_*=*R)2RG:-):)3!Z=
MB);^]Q=:$.@+&X;Z%
LUL7O@C]0Z`+=M$?!KXNXVY*G^0\P-MTREQ0JVUVE7


=0`C[&WAYF-I84XE'_O(UH&Q;#


.)&4)88'1AWMCUH6A
VF7A#`8#`
M8#`8#`8#`A]TGQ)4?3$HA5D/


M`WI@
!@
!@1([PZ-EW(_(EZ='02K7*YY75

M


E61Y]LRK8NE]FR)X/:YW7\S6*K-(;DL#VG=GU,]DFA4'?
M)SE&BUENFT_
&[UEY&;'Y#?835$-I:I$L?\`GMKV3)+ICLSM!\64$]7Y)(70
(D0=FR?&)Y,[-[;E<E@UTT?#:
M:DKIS7S;VG4`8!8;M8K:]<Z=4$S,V!-LY5/,1AYK%:T6%#M@=TZ,QM.^
!M
M.=KW8P[$PL*O#_F[F/\`[@P_]$+MS7Y]Z9E(/
J8#`U_:5KUC2$#D5HW'8
-


M]Z\[I






?VLJF_.#ZQN.HE9*

MH&(1)Q6BS`U*EI7KOR?5Y4%

M@6R-J895!I7(+4U9Q^*-:\G9L@3?+4@R$N@C,4*=&%&CVKG?[!ZA\@_*\77
M]U^8VLJHBC'$X5=LJY^J/C:\9C`;7I6P[.40`?E+
J=44\HL%8^396B97&+


MRD=




MZB+`=%2

MV!T.CNE(DASDQ.5B(HFM`H4+##3TXV_:0P8O3102_0&Y33I'Q^\,\V4FT'
MR#S=4:U:VFL[@\06FHPR!S:CS3CVYUD2-B`^NB
\U.6(PM0H
,18=BUO8
M0^A$MDR5,B(*2HTY1
0#04Z8HL@@D&O]@B2@@++!K_=K6M:P/O@
!@
!@
M
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@
!@


M50.SX4\-#NWO[


=.U



HE0



^


C4.?G6
MXB:'V?67R_QAU:8\CL!NE75O-U/K)IV.C2MS.JCU.69=-)QM919%T&-A*!N.
M?&^&GG.)C8$:9
4682`9H33Y
O.SN[E&Y)3GEWJ:0%QB9TP^SND:KY.B4`M&

M`NP6YA1V&VLA

MU!T8A@89A7_:4`NBX5M02.`G1Q6A?Z[=6ZPS1V9%ES_%&Z0&1N2C2FDOZ49I

-


MZ1TJ+F9

MTU^FM?IK6O\`=@
!@



M954BF
VESJE98['69'K7OUSDY+3B`;&
)98?78S31A+`$0Q!#L(Z17R#\5
MS7G!BZYCG2-8+N=)&_
D2;+.
_?&


J+6
AK?E92)0!4
M`H1HT!0_9
$$.[$QG1




M`5NT98PBXBJZGK&CH#&JKINOX?5U;0YO+:HO!H)'VR




M+X;JY
+5W'SY+7YG9[$D#FQU_-DUCO2-EJB/KY5/W(YJ@14C7Z3

M%[^)`0/2?WPP[#@:;@OGD\:5O3V-UG15KV9?DQE


MEZ)Z+?HY3QM?O4:!)9YQ`K@D
A3';=@QRR(&[


MLX8O`+XOT4QE=D2ZC'FU[+GIES&3NQ[
LF=/

V-E$A:'I@6/3@D





MLA$W%!V+:)KZUH)O:9$\N)OI[)9\EB#P/6_U
.%Z[WHN'.*\DG9-5;^#ZJ\0
M/7;*
G]V9
..Y747:




M.;4+VO4'MZWZBT






2E:+WL8EXQ+QHVJNG

9UO8ATI@TDB#!N%5+S-

Q2$H@(AA


SO8W[.Y;



MX#`8#`8#`8#`8#`J)K+E_P`DW/?W4B='7UQ&=64TZ&Z'O*-)[4YVO5_G3.1?
MEQS&WE
89[7K
MOTP2F_A#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`


M'`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8
M#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8#`8'FG_N&N@NE**%Q\YTGTM*



MDI0L:4GO1J#=UO5286[7-8




P'[T6*I-*\/^;N8_\`N##_`-$+MS7Y]Z9E(/
J8#`8

!@
!@
!@
!@
!@8Q
9C'X$P*)/*%HF]
MF2K65N.5`2JE@@JY]MT=:2])T9)Z@6E+LZD%[%H.P@T/VA;T'6]Z1DF:9/@
M,!@,!@,!@,!@,!@8W,)8Q0.+2:2=6)!'8NTK7QZ6@3*5@TK:W$#4*SPI491

DP&`P&`P&`P&`P&`P.GD+\UQ9@?).]J-I&6
M.
[F_.ZH))R@29K:$1[@O4!3IP&J#]DI$XQ:``(AB]/0.M[WK6/.!R6IS1/;

M\5DS--(O&YC'50ET?ECSR9B6B(/2B6,S\WIW1K52JBR5282A$J`/99@`&`
M]?06M;UO6)BIH=]@
!@
!@

MB;[V@

S\:

DE*!#$[GLB+
CG9^-
M$/\`X_Z(_J6O7^?<7HYV?C1#_P/^B/ZEKU_GW%Z.=GXT0_^/^B/ZEKU_GW%




M:@=$))Y6_P#TFE!W_NQU
'












K_

0C1)$_25YEITJ1*4`A
G(+#/?0!1!)80AU_NUK%G.W(_
M&B'_`




*

%[/J(6][WO)YRT[S`8#`8#`8#


136N/?6MC*-6%


ZRO4[2H8T;BYKC-H@+=`/(3%KT]O.&3`8#`8#`8#`8%

M2J5N443$_
GM$N)2MI2SW)`U0B/0L(7U'W=V9U-1


U+)J]L$QVC
M2@;'U#'(7(TXF*A85H'A[2F@4`*(*)W(A[)4*D2Q$C5C3FI1*DJ=2)*?H.





5S$C!2KGV2Q2B*
JF]I7SL@D
8LLDB4<9ARR+(C70EH<%VXL@'\4Z
M(]%JW`18\O2SS:?=RGGJCE'2Z:-H^B#ZEKTZ\TD/V5N+);:
BC4.P4S#L@T]

02[.+^D6Z8];(8C


M=+\B\T=CPQIK[I^F(1=

M4$@\`%B

M8HW%F*6
@4:I

M]
[G'
T7C


!@
!@
!@



M3#&J

M?6D9:X97T`CS5$X9$V4D2=HCL;9$A:%I9VT@0S!%(T,D)98=BWO00Z_7`S3
M`8#`8#`8#`8&*3JPRSH9*JZL6+


CTT


M2

M


V@0]U-7[F_
M-
TF\JBLYJMJC2F+L+?*)$I=06Q&(0N3
[.P.9*H]PV3\``K8_4[U+
T`BCC




5OLTQ'5ZB=FQ
MT+$I!IP;SF(*X1:4S1&M&G@`2



*'3


M:
SC-=QAKE$FFL;8RH^DG4R+.C$4F4X0KCV2/KUH!DIGUP2#WK6PZ$&LJ'N5

MH)

&M$&F94K^L
KCSFWH6^599%[\RU9%^3K8Z



M]4W=%\_3R^:VM^
V(IJL4[3(VIHAX@/K*K8#'!
44/9.S3#B@`%?Q:'XVNP9



M;(Y=DO
U[[89N^:2X=@:=FNV;BYE6'WS13CT5'['EDX=ZN;+&3M\2@;&L2K
MD)B-6N+ELD*4`=#$$-2ET')EHV];M


M;AM-[/C==UVQ*Y++WU
QR&3'M;*A]GXI84P1-I?)(ZB+]O7[E&C4'B_](-X$
M0*A\IWU\16YIK5=RO$EC7/L'^X]MNBEKZC1D7ANBG8[YLF;Y75[&YR@WW;

^WZD
MV@?)@2V=.4]6$@E73T#8ZWN%NCD;,KMP(8I/.XHXR2HE,/G0#TDACK4(\R
M1;8W=,$Y)H\L\(!20O.WE1X3ZOFCA7MW
\367-4

1CHVX
MMX=-.D_J^+

^H$I

K0M`]/3



MN!]40VAK-8JXUU0[I*+KN7P5QF8+CO&@73

MYAN+JBSFJ%S#HBP:]3
=-6



BG'J(F^;/G:2S^
MSO

?0.S#/X[(H

U[2+#2S]
M%ZWKT@G=X6K\Z27=(P^H;:ZAM;J2+]'^);DWR.O[G;;K'7]55M[W--Y%'9W#
MJZ4L+





MV#


`&1@I`28^</J+J#AGLJ6LE$2+G



MB1^OM'&$6O\`3/D(Z8:?`IS%UY&94WUQT'TS`.(HM
KE)8&P]MJ5=TH^5W%;


L(BR
%-T


``C:M!^7?KWJ7H7D6@JOX

M2\KXXV
VU3DWF*U9Y*
8J&9
'GVZ1
KNXBG7ENH7JZ*UZ:X%HZ-)6Z97S6-6













U)!WH
TZ/Q8P?PCU_P!`)6)CO&%=`]QF

MK687O!FOI-SQIA\%.NBYEOQS#K4=\B@TF$W!;]7;IO+J+4UT&9`YB^[X`U_N

K(/1(6.L_O*6]:Z

MORP.A_






MO%\G^ZGTQ_\`\TOEOT7_`
*?+?I+_PB?*/\D^#]/FW['I@RZ;RW_PB+]TZ
M$_U5_A?NG](3C\?OB_RL^.^FOF#7]?\`TM^/G^6_'^_^$^/][_F'PWN_:_P_



LK\4(?#F%VOK_2T'`AONS8B


GXE37Z4^)^M
MOG'XG?=/_6GK['_`
:?)ON9\#[?Q7^;^W_[7^']Y@4RRD/]M9NH:$VY&0@-




@PX(/GT=]A!KJ
MK4-*Y-U/C0VR#GKYR`++NCMV;KVG+[/[$T?-]E?K[SW&M%F_:VCE?\&?O%UU
M^+/R?[P_-J*_++Y)]Q?F7S?['Q_[&?'_`%1_E7OOLK\!\-\B_9]WZ?$_XSWF
M&5
''?\`^L?]T9_^+'T7]8_:?HC[I_4WYE?;O[4?1[A^27W`^]W_`
0_`_1W



M^%LC^]'V5_!+[(M?SSZH^1_8_PQGT^V_37POK_E'TU\D^!^3_?O/;^&^#_

L_)L(;:^W`


M]?[#_P`8Z/\`9_SCWVL&4B)'_H6?;WH;ZC^@?H#Z(\9GY!^^^_\`[GZ)]U'_





MPKC#



 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AntiDilutiveSharesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingPeriodIncreaseDecreaseWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ExpectedFutureGrossRentalIncomeUnderOperatingLeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivable'


M-#JKV







MBJP)1=:$(FMD36AR)I09$THLB8461.*KE%UI0B:TJ1-:7(FE)D32FRIA19
M4XJL*476E)K1I$UH\B:463-*+)F%%DSBJP91=:,(FM&D36CR)I39,TILN84
M67.*K#E%UIPB:TZ1-:?(FE-DS2FR%A19XJL!476@B)K09&UH
A:4&0M*+(6
M%%D+BJPE1=:2(FM)D;6DR%I29TILI8464N*K5%UI(B:T61M:+(6E%DK2BR
M5A19*XJL%476BB)K19&UHL@J(@JM(J+8*B(*KB*BZHBJ\BHO@JHO\%K'7]


M_WC]!P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`M54P(_4```!
`@``P`(`E]R96QS
M+RYR96QS(*($`BB@``(`````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````````(R2ST[#,`S&[TB\0^3[
MZFY(*&ENTQ(NR%4'L`D[A^UC:



M_F&M?35[/)_*U&\/WFTV^U7^U*V^'W
[_F..^F?7/PV[G




MW)#**9DJ\J1@..S%27!U-#MU-



CGPA:H0($:MK$
I+)EGW8L/.TX]LW*P9N5



K.7









ER':DVT#S5!H52\'.]

[D6TEN_8;LAN
M3







XQ^
0


MD&U60CXGI2%E'\:'RHV]?!:BZ`]U8!O7#5OY+$3)'_Z

MP;QC9EER:%`Y28CVR:%&KRYDKO&@CTN!*&4N$1I*`6GP7M#9Y465_%M?
%`=

PCO,=9U7T`JZ71?Z4B$LQAFC`
M=4PB&F&OG!Y(8B9X9^%3ECKB%V6B24[7E$QNO@CVK5@-.G8_)$78BQ!MMXL

(X+Q(2%*
MP)AV4QBJ$

XB10UON+)=GKK4S&

ZF/../F(!'%%_;&`V(]JZQ1O8[.F(N9R6G
EA%:<&L^$4@RCV1-HG#TIMY
+W$K?*5YVG%TIJI
+J
JNM&03

)=ZPP/R)XB-&STFUQ9$#;_TPII914=%I8DBG

+H4

M^SXU#FEZ=2E]!BPE#M49D)$*4.0
O)+\B3

TQHM4

$%``&``@````A``7*37@X!@``!QD`

W
MYA;%&0V@V1UI5UJM]O)





M$L@N(9(B\DM$P)P4EY`TG;V0
(+_$X9:M'&A4B:-OC_[G_*6(08::L:P8N3O

M
X!0APPMIZ[`G#ICEB$FGJA'(3R7-4=.`&(=Q


I4AXY7;=IWP#3R5+7MLL$^FGV3W@+&.S+B4]HSIQM
MPDR#D/J-B-:


@T


9UZFCMP`





FT5LV:!2]6:A4?FTPNL\GUQH5]
;<0S<B'!MTD
C@*:V-\+-0J
M-OTE:^=
(DA'$`2



MZ35Y!.CHYAFCB9/58F7&'.7--'=AW[RBO3QUF420X6\H:/X$(%;\#JN@'L3*

)&-'\;N/%V3/G0C7$!/?Q[@'PXU7,CZ*P#ONFY\^:NRN=_8=S_!P``__\#

O
;%?
MVW]^W]\L;$LJ6J0T$P5;VR]
VI\V'S^LCJ)ZD`?&E`4

!R



)=!1H'#_43(G(P`#\MG*NMP9TA#[7




)UD)A!*'P/+A8<'R-L`:/A

M$9E#W]O/!

M!0
(!I

MCILP%'ROU']`?@^7D!M1R&H)NVVE5JJJ7IX=

%:P
AV-KM_WV

M`F;.

MB4!WVX\?-B?&GT1.B+2`H1(ARJ6LUXXCDIR46-BL)A5<R1@OL813?G!$S0E.
MFZ*R<*:NNW!*3ND&=;\%@Z6930A
4N.):FD)N&DP!+TBYS6HF4KDUOH2LR?

B75U!L7-5_=@TX#NW4I+A8R%_L--G0@^YA&[/P9#RM4Y?8R(2

)_)Y)/#B\L=@_%\^ZXML5.-I-$TZ
)=YN.#M9L.%`KZBQ

M!$$'


JU

`
'L;__.U\V8Q'996<]LDA/Z4/XY]I.?[Z^/MO]^]Y\:U\3=-JQ*<RH?Q


M]C^S/M6G+-+C_3YCGX#O]E&1/C^



MZ*2:HL.V'3`H0,N'?#H@-\.=`N*%$O0FK8L0SH0M0.=*MR^8B'S+5TI5W*





MA)A$F

M]:T?_T
.K0$!%&5B-3$4Q

/$QR3`)

M22QYE_MU?4VFJX8F4#=Q^IK
5\T!1.)8F-B8.)BXF'B8^)@$F(281)C$2B(7

'$Q\3#Q
0DP




BE



M!)B$F$28Q$HB)Y_V`&^;^\W[O4!]0TZ61H.412#B*(B%H]A#A#8=G2$DUXJ+


(D5A*Y!E@&I*.?U\`*




70E$4^'^B;A90T4.U8P]=J08E0FR\=]Q079%;#N%W]*


MR8]?*=OGL(=PHKTPI;IZSV53@*-$X0:J:$%R``GJAD.C7`$?+2O(\L57F
M)S
GG'L3'^!H1Z5Z8)H2H^0@%2__&I#?4AF2H6!=TOBSYQI$,X7'V&9MSP

+K=H`/&GNGP3&.
(*52HCA



Q@CK
^5@<$
:1M6-H@
M83\@KD';OET40HMYNQ(&`+8TO;6.CJAO-F*K1L-I+Z@MJ,VT_C;6];Z;:WV



GM
N690


M!$.S^CI.HUG/WQ5NXS`P4SUF
41L_XM(7T(



MW7IU:ZCFJN!;7E4:
;FWJY-`L?JG;JMO8*MW.]#O`[!56UKP;U05HM&HXCFD


-4*I
MI($B5-EV__LYA\

#FN



R0




M
_^^A($ZK75G9DSGEL

M)T@0BKRBREI?Z!JD0$)Q/S;
8L\K\P







@W#
_Z9@G:
C\*.'VB5O)AR7V?O\(]_S774G))VC(_RCA$D')




_#(*9G\=I


<WR_Q!$EDT$BHC\*V

7Q/#
M



M[6R

=!9]B^;FP!UI/ODXX813I9




.<5BE7#]/*





O


\_
[_'

M?_U
'A:FP04J





M/^CY








M8JU,D9T#(#GT_T&2'A@0&^_A@J`/Y;`UHBTA*QED@4L:@]]!WY:5WL.#!_
MCP
2'CC0J_%006

MVYL=:6?'6@*Z4AGF[0A4\JKK5+U


M7Q:N(ZJX.
89+]C&?6/_;K]_;?UC9=/XL)8Y8!(3;NI:JN*\\3R87EL1CQ

MI&197



MM`]I[H1]8C)71:(^LEQVB&(').&]'68;)+QQ(?.ZM8

M+Q;O&5T_CTQO4
*''6YX^!+NA:\%MT
()O!ASEL):B5*Q&9



M\K#0C(SC50]@S3[A@:1[^Z1^5
A_NH$R9H
5H7:5L$$:#QY4C48-U0=970W/



M+RI^K1L2!UY!GZG^\P)]10;=$G\$\(GSJKV`%WM=IW+[/P```/__`P!02P
$

M_:[MA@+9NFHO?8]]W#.O?9E??W4U.B1*RUDF^(H#'B+9.Y:

M2!O:YK26+4_Q

MU


MB:UA[Z%KJ'HX=!=
-AU0[$4MS+

M\B^BY5!L:)-MP%[*!PN]R^T6)).S[%O7@*\*Y;R@A]I\D\?/7)25@6['8
CZ


(X&C/M;D5

M5D!X



E
MQ]'TT`RCLW`2A7EE^7UN\FK6_:CR%_9AJN2[WA=:\3DP8Z9&K4[_H)N(4)
MZ.8%Z0
P@3I:\GNJ2M%J5/
&ULG%9=;YLP%'V?M/]@^;V`
M(802A53MJFZ3-FF:]O'L@`E6`2/;:=I_OVM
)FHGL)`8[/.??#OJQOGJL2

M:00






MKAT)63H+/XRN9[XUE$;X#W5=+.6XH@:T!3-=3T(%D!LXDL@/Q8'WVLET*%



M]^@:\%@7FHI
AW(E]%


]M?;


S@)]%+_M!_JMWX[EOL7
%
;NF/?J=SQ




M:*TLB:`E4:!?%JR11[8JO86N(N)EU]REO&J`8L-*IMX-*495.G_:UER030EY



M
/[\970O3ZZ1+/C^FV#9#U93


!Z(/'A\L;@X!`
:QOL
MC&83?Q)^0L+XP`)KRW)-@FN]

MR&1P5Y
\:!;#!?Y):(S7533V%^XK5#
]8&*+B3`ZP8RZF/41HXNGB9.3&RXH

I7`5D5C$U*3@
M1Y
/4@B[*0R[K\%]Z=/6&M






O=UF
+8'&&)E6OQL)R[F
MR@7Y4$`;Z

BXHI<G`31+/3P01`WWL'<]ZQ)%CH!DZ?KO6#IQ2V!ZN

K[
X.BP?:4):YVLZ\$!S/&:]$:PM`J:HR6;3?OE(
M:













M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`

M+W-H965T-C

E:]!56S2


%IHYFR^M6WI%)S-YWU+_]$\TNUIG





L:[H


M@Y6
EJV45DF'
_:\G99+;6%





M2\)[![8#-!(DS/F@C3'62`0-?39;2'&0G6QCN]4N5S2;GZ77N8W\W!H_OG3*
MGO




DJ5)2\(K&Z(T*=+O^^&&U

D2N)


M2NM5RB`#57:GH5F
[O#R'D?(6Z]T@7XSNA='GQV1\_WGAJ5?646AVM`GU8$-
MY\\*?4K55[#8.UG]J#OPO7%2FI%=(7_P_1?*MKF$=L\@(Y78



'75-\PT3:!PRX\X6?CXFJ8#MJT.F:

89@
3UK35M:1


?!_S3-LIE5OKD13:Y.U4*_JT:R#



M$DY!
_C[]-TY%*PQ5S#S('FM[Q

MODVM_P(``/__`P!02P


VP6.RFP-TGP/)Z\
QX\]O;;6UT9K[3C)6MV


!#
MPW?F68AV8UD\/]


KK]T9?%;V5#(-JR37($#8R\2

95I<2.[CM$`^Y)SO<E(_%6@.:_FZ#X-@:[U_O.!B9&)3./&.J1
MW!.NYB2]1T+_TXT%,=P@41^/1`Y20W$]565





M[V5
$)H

;



JWO^4E@6B#
M3\R!9TI?&!IM61$TUGJM_=:!/RIE2W;IZ['YD[Z')-\?&K#;@CMB-[;8?KJD






)#1\E`I0(42)B1@EDB%L(QMAN4E
M\03B.#RL6O)LJF4-1O.\&AWPYG_M#BU4..H82'$CY*!@1HD2$$C%*)$.$
MX!BLI'N.X9L8UDIV3%J^;3@SM_@L-M*-N?#G/4E+84=J8)@]Q.7(@

M$:!$B!(12L0HD0P1@HELH_P-%]MFLHV2*YL.XB-O:DPLZ8'G=

:19!`136/;Z2^8QG??PCI_*NT
-SJ'^+*5
MK9W$=8O3U0]8XN*(AR


HC8*P-V*B65;XP%'%'URQUC`2=5
M4*Y=&L`)_RG=D]_3:I^7M7(D.^AJ/&*'V!5_1\!_-/34'EP^TP;.]MNO!WB7


MUO?O=66]$2XH:V+DSAQDD29C.6UV






MY@FJ8)I
5Z7`


TC1YJBYS1`$@Z

_$




M/]34CN^Z




Z2R/'(RQ4EL:^!X.B
_


\I'L
9KJ![)SBZXS\G!'$.J4XIR1OJ=#
M/0PKMN7Y-2&$@WIV:&NTQQH),&SEPWE[_+**XQ-/=@95R$Z^XE&9I]YR8

M`\['L._&1D&*



;2DRTM[-!JO-[@DFTDW)D.F.%'?*4%L

!T;0SE3'&7:2XR)DX]1/WIK`S6_

M



0J8&0[3?OO=XV!8K.F





MSU\H3040EK4\KW%MQR-4ER*UG6=FQ;$



@(_O

MB5X/&DT]'.O7JY=@77UD%


M`P!02P


M1:\[ZL`YA@8
;B7+
S
V`0-S
F#./-_^%U&\AAA5#Z6\WT^7!/-S4N%B8FC`

MHN&RV
09]!=.Z5E\&V?0YFF\@


[
MMB'$9J7=7H#DGGM\[KDWN2QNGIL:/5$A&6\S'(UC&B;\X*UVPS__'%_=8V1
M5*0M2
U;FN$7*O'-\N.'Q9Z+1UE1JA`PM#+#E5+=/`AD7M&&R!'O:`N1DHN&

M'MF:_#UT#1&/N^XJYTT'%!M6


QM


M&ATE
T^7&TWZJ*
)AMJTG/W=D]UDJMMEHQ[?NN;Q8R-MCCU/1M&3YF.LLG_
M*--)OC)_WS&*KN*0J_A:S=\FD1'W-05=WG


4=MDV#78%I8GWJEI9


8
&'7
MI;U0O#
OYPU7L.;

M/L:0P@[AI.HFR_'G'_O\QMOZ^WM^4MY(666TV*CZ9*HJI$CI+BL.&_7??_QO
M3ZI2U4FQ2TZT(!OU)ZG4[]O??UM?:/E2'0FI%5`HJHUZK.OS2M.J]$CRI)K0
M

Y.6?VS$565/%U%AX*6R?
)
M^OVNSY*TTV[^W


28
Z64GJ`!\*GD&1L:
MD)'DO?F^9+OZN%'-Q62^G)HZX

#Z9DSP7CS=%X^8T7KM)G6S7);TH\`)!^JMSPEY'?:6#<N<R]^3J^SW;






M%$B0HEXC!L@/V.8
7X1




$1

S]W'!G^!4KOW;+27D@



M:?\#XKT!&P@A2G)U0]7=*^U*J]5^/%/B)*B`(Z!-^^]WS+B8
?=FPTN;

?C
M

Y!'+/7LOM37G\5

`V&L[/+J]V$
B?5R/69?M
M-HV\.M`LL%5[R53KL34X5`$%D);O!P21J#5?U:)^*:!;J
+;+F%LX[U!YG*-
MV2
)*R6<U@IL
W*







!:=I_OP](2!.W2MJ7V([/





M1I%DL.!ZXXDRY/18#R97L!@B.?X!VU=+G0:HM@:D#3=-3-8#8'9I?9$.KS



_`Z1`&T-17?YJ_T7UW3IPLPO/==T$]^4DL



^=K
+3.833R17L
(B'G2(T(YP]86ONZ)K_H'HM6H


M?G
L_P
``/__`P!02P
$






2`A]ZG_WHK!UAM-)-)[&:0)PM.7&W@E'
#)?DD?()7L!K3UHCM$K*$1L#@CG



MAX_9Z@\```#__P





%.4`NV5FT
7VK2<=

S!31\WY\30F%?W

+NW
M8:A7

M`'L:```:````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T
MWT9QRCY^R9/];\E%P&Y#GF0&7K+L54)_[.57L-C25C]7&?@C-_;B$+V=RS^S

[






(06XSDKI;$X!0+W+)Z&^?(2Z!%/J4A*J@,$(7?'\94V(E9



M




9

M6]'5:4U;K5('9^_DBOI:HP8Z
AR'\$$(C471VHFQH)SL&R/8Y+;D[7L32B


M


NS\_3MK]#J'%6G40VJ?X%YKGH&



XP-+Y;`G/
MS?'E`7XHLVMU

`'[*L;#[(UQ/M:Z/=?P```/__
M`P!02P





DL/(FW7<0(*<-N=

ML==9_5Q5X




M:.4(.VKDL,(RM4(630I5!NX[R6XC=!D0[#]QQAD-G*C(V9GMN.F.64_*+?

%;YZ1=


;;#%&K5$[85G@



-8[
MSYX9!)M-;?;C'7XR&](T@__U0%#1Q@
!
U/?U93-:_T(MR):?0*C\0_S6K6J


BYX;6R




SLEG?O50E


M

2&:@_
MQ6%I.IE8(:VOF&JZ64MQ1#`KL)5JJ)D\;P6$QM`,I-CM.XO_<PC6#,F]88EP
MB!&D*^C*\\;SO&!-GJ&6R0FT?0?41^S.%

M&W%GUJU=`.Y.K3\0


MA-#G!]B8=&\;FW\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`Q=)/@]P4``/XA```:





MFU[X/$O*HBIV]1.%FXB.]N_9G)@3BO3RO
WH#OBPC\ITMQ[_QE816XPG+\_-
M`/V3I1]5Y^M1=2@^W#+;1MDII=&F//$


_ICOB-K;;?K;1*:$0IS--TSB
EQ9$Z0/^/\HQ/#1J1


MN9C)QNL;ILT4Y/\`
4WY;4$?*:

*0O$[@)F+!:F

XQY;X%V@6$L%U-U?4I`


GOBQN!AI()A06%#84#





M0V+A*#8F#B8N)AXF/B8!)B$FT21D\PW-!Y8P6+_0UK!_;H\M$DBMH7I9!FD
MW\+$QL3!Q,7$P\3')&B)VVG[0KC5E6;40EE
---I33R`WD^;&V$V=*X[86+


8

%M


MFX[Y+$V*O
SWU0#









T`M
3M3E

MGK;NDE!T-ET&7O*V2PG#=L6&S-#2_H?




*0(W&W!L'U

9PCN2(;RSJ2&\TQH-'#1#*;LQ
6W0C]EUE#@4G^X
M#]!3YOTFHG[*HI^R;BJ3%ZK/KGKQL*7-YU9/.1?7F2)VM&CZ76!92DZJA.
M':!DHCB(J3B=2BO)7^0Q'(7'MJ/JB'!1G#8`&<&:'PMCP[KP[\6@).[2WP0
M?\3%(3V7UDGLP:0[\&%!A3K[4S=5?JD/I[RL[LZI]'.*







MFQ9]/R=3+H[L87&!5U(8;77E(L2Q(/32\XJM&)**=2G1@6\[




%TB]OS


:8K/H]7E&/'*&).C7H%\_\J\$FH
M](2.W3Z7$(*6PV9
X_BL?!CU

)NTN&0C!]P


MRTO2!AO6U8=$(G]\_]_C(W7UVH.(H4

M'I(*QV/

M3;B(L()7$53&`A\!W8A5UJK59B7-/90C


\W!&Y#%-Y;P]<YVM]MT\`9D\<TE?/]*JUEW\084,AI/E]#:H?U^2CV'
M3#C;+85O`'RCFL(7*(B&/+HTBPF/U:I8B_!]+OH`T$&%8V1FB=D@GV(XBZ.








M_*J8E+\@58IA_#]31>\G
M94FRE))J(*X,K%BC\@A84-=`YMZ;_=0*%NJDE:!@SN9/RY[VD&C0+=Y!3S
Q\^;


W2K;\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(

MG%I=;^








D1DJU7


C$
44@E&#^\RG9L%07^^^.A/4$)(.155I&O'APA].





YBX+4Y';0ET=Y\2L*'M+
MX0-B*.&

M`\*8P:2B6%2\8

EW.#)3V
M`2




Y=CI/-'TG2%
U


L



MT3Z



TL\=@VI;_D0^;T/+^[+.*YOB\S
MBYQC0/-%(@60(+`.SELWN4@F(:R^9I%Y#.@/Y(\PD_307RY#.+U%]F'&]B%_
M?,@)@V\H1B\HKHUR4E;@9UN&03N87!.$N48*(XQ&.2EA%//6@AD;AG#G7
(AXO\93!V-2&(%&)2D\JX-G6@Y5^UP5U7[?K;;-JSV'$\+O
M,.=O\8Q0KF[ST)[Y$-\7<'9H^'YS'HC.Z?RN?JM;)_K8[?:5T\0
KA)H'XM

M+W-H965T





W3.[YQ1HY$VZI%6




?
^`1`W-98@NS]@5WO!ON!V$YF9)^@W_

#%;!X2U\A!'OTE
M30/Q?==WNU


MXB:=9\F?WV2WE]G\OS=[[8W3Q2(Y3*H=K'VX$%E53G]^G=/=R3*[7;1:_[+9


H[]
EQW+^G/66NK0Q(_3\6JR3.=WS&F
+UO3DWV9


Y93D1Z^BHY^M
/)^=O$'!+LJ\97K.%EZM\+*?3&N*;='B#

;O(A




[GT_==

YK=HQ^5R4[8_7EE(GF=`*[1FEJ)W]JV[FX/G



MUXTE


RD./NFQ\G7`].3K\[.NVA]



\DH

MY(6OK+\3/63SO8N6D]Y




F



T9JC

ME(]7@._F2SV(@F24O\M'$((+0/EP3


M-3^
./0'Z(/%6H*YP)]'`7^N?;(*85S%Z[H:W






_


QLST[YB&Y-E+JI-6@ZN2.6[%KCFE?3`)O(O]RZN

=^B./O4[P'_:PFBCGG-
M



EXSJ#Z*17&`TW(+5



MLWVWG&=98G\1CEK#


Y
'ZYXE31S4'(+5FN+A;(%8B`5Y;'F*98F/]L]K$PBFUV&3-0G+
M

-AHW
N;^71U?6.^X#;]Y(LW(=B&B8TT6UH;#(KR=4BB&%)2*Y8U9R


M
+V2RIB@&0[#:P]S!F:'(







[W-@6+:_ZPQBMO
M)S-4^*U9MT




_!Q
UJ5I=_8?4UQY#N8ZZSFSL*

M&$_A$A2QT9A0


J?VA!
/T*!_*NR<=<C\






MI1.'HE5&MPJNJO&V0]**I#6;&FJ^E



9
1972V]8))R.N)*V;$FW3(6(U34

D%+SFUY:DF4C4\(#!LJ'8*K
M28JPRK@26:





PY@:
MUAW*

M0H5A$W;Y

-P(5$H%H291
MB!,3E8`A*)HWKQA`SMD\3B:`4


J1B
@XTFFWA[C\Q/XF6
]XB!M805LFJ<$REY:P[H^6)

4'4&H%QP!3O70_((!=SW#GV$S-SG4

MPEI





U&
:#?2FFN[&4)


1*@57GBI:;:W*R



)@ZW2FUJZ/57FRR&\X!I7&!3





M&KA7!3(2%?:9=NC(2B@F-([1KQO=Y$+E



D9%*2JCZQNBV\E+JI71

ML`Z^*6]1NJ0L%Z$QDVFP-(\#L



^I/5!9O_EYPB:$K



-GN`6L_?SGUYY@D7M[GRA=2O-



FLK98
VMX
MS7!.44ZI



Z\AF@\9Y@U79;=
MKD











\U^MBC45':MD:1\AM=

7(MNA]P)%2!T=G2
M

.-Y0N!/%(2
[YIOJ;`1B9`&H


4.6FLDX]F.5D%?QM$PI\NH
M;/&48$C#PB-X=2@LW3EWL+*^N%%G5.H7A8A!QHEA61/(F\1-_#_@*2!6W0


^-HDQ\-:FXP(I%AEDQ:%$3_JX
MN!R5`./HB9%*?WHXOZ).OA_CI?0
M#$KZ^0=2;0`!G



JMA3ZU*#WY@\?'#(156)#K(
MK/C1P.H=/&X6V\DKOUR_/CP?5P`#GGC.J($P;@6G%(*!+0G0'E]I=I2`?7Q3
MU2P$P7IP1JG(1K2M)^^@S[J@-GRPGA?*&U)/$`=N^4(ZYO6G^9K=P,ESE;
M5G;FQB')VMQ;:S7`$)Q-


M[.WM;



-


S3C1K/#-AJB

RDV1%VR@POX<NJ]5G#]G.Q]&B-,3LN8.UWPR28ZS
MR_E*@4I;SY3]L%3'U+H[&F*WL_\#1:;;=O7)_M;.WK^D(TXVBD#Q'AQ$4M!

IK`:

`EU.Z


`$B`-Z*
B@9EUP3\`X'K8GVLT(
M!-MW)C(%/[!)!/IR&!P2I4R9SXM/9:5N:'0JM`\!PO8^N+1VH08--ZX\PF0Y

#6


M

M_F4TFG1?I]8TXI:6_&X8T/77+J


M+W0EX.DLEQVZYZ58P.ZL




D5K61U_]LP-G!2X)D?:U


M77=X53JP6B







M
ME4KNED.+JB'$5!8X2#DZ[U\48Z

MK





X=)EHI1]Y!ZV1C0H0*TJ0
M'4V:(F]#\.K5[\M]Q1_4P!-Z[1WDR^`RZQ)0ZSQ+$E'
8DY\))1O8=Q6Z+

MFG8N4XK



H@T6O&LT)V0X+7CTVLZU*7`4$9S%-^


MLW=N2W4D69I^E6UERAER!DC.2-55


N1@N)J-@1^76S3LLI6E0QQY!*VW!3DGE




$YEPC$

M

QR6QFN!^JKAURYQ*6D#N2B@R?)H`4M
M

6A=VILT#L_E#A


MT;Q*%\C




MD+W4`.R0BT:/:5%25`7!O%:9UA3D#]]S'3A9KANKQ6E:P%U]:V'[7AMJ(L


/ZP11K'=[K[DR(Q5W@)V8_F5(5W)[<8AB;Z2<L

M(2+;4KMZ(S@GQ223_J-7R;[-^+E0SZ+7A^^N;GRE\CI






Y06!I(


MJC$+BDP)6Y]\I[&



V=.'
@!)1_VQXI_@=H*TY3L53PX+;(.0GI_B*&-;!2#
M\-94JYW\!F]#./MN_$N.$3[CA0\+7'AA]VG:PG/DIG*HTJNX'RFU6G#T5N-
M&!T2+:=!Q#&%QP#IG%;3*_*9&HP8.T?0.Z1LLFO8N*VPQU=2K$@Y)]8O&9

!P#R,C*0/.46RA2NC.-B/&$6PQ;YN/H5K_'A]9G2YNR<1.'P
MW%!OTQ*$.2J-L/9]=E`*&A3.!U-2-;JI<7YA2G0H@=S\#4N8<`W;OEYMCZN
M9)JQR86XQ?I\J^DR[1BN




Z@0)^F.B-]9<?@R6=D]Z*-R$!4464XRI%/`1:J@$G







;F
A&/^O__[WTR--V_GX[X9
M@QNW*J_IOKY)XI$X7[*OX7-J['YXY+D2T&-9\14D-YD:!HC$3LBOXZV8^F6
ISUH\^+=H'[%VRY&OC
MLCN2F]AFKYKF&Q(*]



[8_2:Y(#EK-43V=5?.FYGY

M$



M'6P=7F.R0(QB#LIJX9_G^$'YY%:Z2]32[6*-5\]PN
EACT!YJ\F85X$LF$K
M#=WB9K6D&_08ZYJ/^LK25%LH


M$Z^-6.#^*.7EF!NE440
Z(WOP*
:DJ6=*\#9XVO=1%[()=*CN'4\2J&2ITBL

DJ6LA-G
X.]C!D$]#B533'#I6
MCAEA+I9Z1\C?_M6(]GGC9PCCTQL?95-7D%[!0;K#!

M%









D)O)+&CR^N0S&.]_6)KWXJ9W6#'QL=\XF93ZRM`YPSZ

S@0@01A2F`$R?LP9!Y.&YN[P^/*-\4U%P4M#T[/0-`_'S$;SBO?_3



9J*P](N)T`-1F2

M
.WC
]424M(HZ2Q*#LW3[F=L8#A;(@/Y1(J;'I'%*.)9O0V:4_.5001.1X
MK%#P&Z@^G2!5/6[/0$6XX.SV;

%/(;P*.H'I2/YW'[`_*G5ZWQM$OVA`ZO8
MPHM4%







:R/=Y#$
RPVP$AF




0@SE_'\;SU63^3G-CSSEO4;5.4D,U['F,I757,=DT)SV(6\9WN
M3+$BS5U)I



!AA.0K:$Q41
^H
MM5


MZW(
$LSXKY9/8F6&`H[99KG]A\)WYQQ#5@+6KM3XF%5N))IQS&\.

MV#186/X&HUT*'S-P;PW0UT72`A)8/6ZX2_KXC.=.'32$XX]W22IC?7*C%H


R.Y
AH

M9_ZO'+!8YQO8ABI6D

M@O+J0)0QL2//8PK%0F=8Q'
MP:+10L@:E0MXMH(.*;8



MKJRE$3\+P]%ZTFE9Q`GU-I6^V4Y)P'J*2XC?V0'F9?\@(2F^PRI1&7T.!3
MU#;\);A8O)%N8(*-G
0
@W8Q)WAK*1


ME



.GA'G-5H$E3/:-HD#JPA.A$.#1N(SOV8`D
'A!M!8]
9(U??/-





*!Q8@

S5B7I]:/YEO6/


M/`B&7D6Z01TE?^.EH;8`X'1$HJ76O)
34=:U9A)]*







M-R[CE1VH@0+F?3J(9L+




MLZN+\8+6V!U@VX*I]V!91209
PUZW?&JUYLT=U.



M[\B3N

MP6@O4\RRF[PZF.A80_9Q9I`H7`F+#LAF.G'9OGWW2O((+W79$:YAQ2FJX\


M3@-U]H7%R%PE`496[(E](Y!J/S%$PT.3HVP#^S-LXWLR..F[K!4TGR_8!1D1
M6PQ\2^H6AZYB'49-O42(['C@3)UMJU
3SMRC/1Z7.STF6U]UD]R!S@;AJRGC
M4RJ;M


?0
#:<*\S:W?QSM'Z@V?+Y/1CNO1P.



Y^HMWU^C
3:X.O^-CDEG?DWG=NMS&X8WCQE'





MAN!4DV[UY'/17@QL0





[JUC-A$&[







M!@]Z+
H

MWAT-1H:E`8
D


)W
YU4P9
M`26FG]49RX)K]!R5%(QS)VL)J

MY%1!TX?
&@DM:#I\#!RH]\3E.
8.&+?T4JHK.)]YH'$^[/Q2QY7
F($])SKH



SOJ9M`*?)MF!XX-&=LGS%
M6';8A8OOFU

G8-?V.J
M\


M=S\QP[W[



4^/0B'FN?5Z+J1+@4]N
2V^!JB50++
MAU19SM@)R65;'%2UZ-8E`?I`HJN[PM9+M?[=?7UJ97IAH4H)G5J=GE^M;HDX
M(-CAMG]W%`FS:


MX^T64TH*0\+^\-\*P0L
D9HH\HJT=T_E6:Z$T7!]_=7+5UO#`WIG[1S\
-H;

ESF--873@PHEN
M=ZZ-FFR&MK*]XZX286-C[[A.*\

\4+)T='

M=W&*Y:\G?P\+?^HP3)JV99A
X9D$L






%W



MRR0@_8]C(*V.7F=P]JB*5
61='V*514VY?@]G\+SMZ`.
E]IUT$H\0H'IO)-
M\2)XKFMZU5)2=&L!-CSEB^1#F4\2=_WE*7S%XI\-;A35Y3)-QI:3BO.K[^
L
M^[MGUA




H@GVF9


2[./_-]&!Q[AMS42T\

0'+6Y7





MPR0Z'\K^\8L#_]@JVH3A
B;T2X.L]$'K(0&EF2*,.Z]A=`%O&%
@T5:ZC5

YURM:*7O2ML5



MVDO






M]]N;+S;7AU2$AK(AO6-W9VM3UP4/IG:A8UU#W&%'PL)^?1W+4PJEKJUA@=H&



M;XKYD$..(S#



;E

M

M(A/=4N3AM?@WY-.R-LIQ5;(






M
A4L5:EUFM3*2Z52






+=Q/_MDL8X%^-B
M
XKX9
\L

].K5J8;$7%Q4-$F7+
MQ

)-5Y1L\]O$&\?3RASQ
MH&IY_U_#RQD&\@YP5#[Q/_-5;6X-#=#&_FOBY+<!D,%;P/A2,%]=?5L0#K
M\A\2YYPC-:)#7@?X::@*XSL8*T6_Z$QB3C=Q:2&%;DA4-@SYI*3-EUB+(;#
M?P3&8K&GY573?QEZ?NZH:



ELH



4=KI

6(33#[R\VM'

M(*Y+]!+:AO[GS%FT=RMF.=R.L5'+6UTUZNP\%%S;85FY4'RDL$?0(I;JKT^
M.0NBE/SH@)%69-8^Y$BG2J=]N_2EAY^'`P#.I

M3]DQM

)

M1SK;T$C\')U\Q1B




M$P-/!6WQ'F

ME(

G\H:VPM^3(S2KJS8SJYMO$MZ&X9W9_WI

M5

M+EDO:IR:ND#N
6A7S
P%:'Y!6&-+*5#%NPXH3SCBBEEASH2RF^3D9E6X^CH;
M%7\*)@







V(3N+YB
M97
_!5//I%-I+

W555E44G(.SO

K2U2PY`%)`K7/M1)[X8E


U[)T

<*+7

V*E\+A;!A$T\UMO60?.B
ML*:DYC7NM1RAH]_A
\;^]?F/N_2UQWQ66





MYR\:-=EC6[16:T^X4YUPG),30.J8Z`V0H$CO!=XX]+CE8]E';VZSML4CP
M[U_WRIKJ&LD$0YZ0L+]8GJMBAIU`?ADYWZ4J&/UG-58'GHJQ?JPE:\A2I:/
MY_&(_2)A`>+]IGWVY='M+853\8DK>0GAC6%)N7S.ZL3J&*\;?

-D7H5LP1.+US)MQ@7V.4EC*OU*E/25C\-GFC&UK.Y?
M&)W5/:6YM/.EN:PZ(V0%U<`).W^\E



BVRZ;J#8H=7-?/AO-9I+IYJE!L''-M1AK6CDC'X\%^D:(KC$'X?X


*L).V(X28:I?'BA/X0YG:VU!9*H9
MTM?M;%+])#&O*IK-S)4


?T'.%K
K)MGJ;4AJD'ZPQ)=)

M@X




D@!(\+0WL]+-J_HNQ+W^


.ULP9&NV!^&0F;F



MZ=2=_+/QZ'3Q;14JML#^7`.:8G^X_



.A

MYK-N'N:X^TG.U/K_;SOH_+J'[P[FY^19&P^@PI5%/KD(SK;B5(?DW1UQI8







M;

%G

JSBMX&N*R=
MR*6'*[]HX:/PNPS7=TM7B4\&W/S[L+^6Y)_1-:S&.L+7&&5]=06Y(^F8J/H1





/J'RW^U*R8?
MM?U1I)19(;`#%=OA83!/<[+U9NT<NXI?;@0^'B0W`)EP0SB'@`Q?^%HN!(F
M



-R]R

VPC/7X-&*)NZ`)1US2QFA*7

M=[G3V'GVX!;-BNLG=K+*
H=:MR`'N)[#`#OE9[
J'MR2;G
YX][7'W3P-5+#
M].+3!(?$ARHU@CA`_:H_]VY0UHH_YF!X^&RD)XG3';4_V&XYN$*D\^JOS]1R

MM7





+[^%

H8P`?^#

M0:LU?/]SL7CX\?\$````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`QS3W7D`-``!F?0``

WRI9\E@^18K8!



:)/NVW%\MPLW5B[\'SO?B%
MR3*-S?+ZW6

M%(:

T!XR]`/(R.&*(-];$_@





R&+)5I=H!N]#W

M7K!RGUULQ#7FIF
$8T`P'4VFET




5G!B/CO;/!C!NBW9=WOCN^L85HF1
M]_B$_\;A%O[[$
8QG
:^O5EYSF


[KJ=I(CESD1R@
M:
Y0M5&('M9
;D







EJ;F@LP!0[9%Y
M@_

M)!2Z2B2!`![14B%I)'252(I!5XTL0C'252()!%T5DD1BU'*)[-&V:=)$)?W3

]6-3+PK.O:6=

MP
(8:(N;1KN62)Q]!I;S'2&UG'4(I%W^`YKQG7(IW:0@L%.D&P/FF&X
&.\4

M0%]CG3HQ0


G)W5*$-S)F:_S)`[CT2@ZJ@X6



M(&))&X


1S
)@Z:C%38I:7\





RNFC%%J`:K+H3:=4Z=\
M-GX2DXYETMF1+/-)=E536(FL9\
1-ED`7/E`5U'NZ42GVCA^GM.-J;1;(\N0


MU


G3NKK.KRA,%Q1@4&O,AFN??A+;8AO@.7W?:*=WX0@_`A
M!TJ2GMSE)V,!3S',!?'Y@,.HBJ[YZWO!$X<1B\&WNJ:B^.#/E84]Z<PS'W$




_L=M`YG27_W@?0YC
M)F)F%I_?XR/
(8MA!03EYOT.'HL-_QK[R)N9O][-KZ9O[^SAQ:0_GUQ8(W=\
M
1W/WUZ








MU]TQ)3N@V(I&V*



N,;\$VC@I=TU]CO:O^9BZJVT.U[,.1\Y<5QS0V#0($F
M2N\=$U,-(!?)(5[


MFO?WV
\J7=%093;NZ;V198!


'I-.YK@[0P





P)
*V6F0`'+NU(\SS!C]$B'6.R6K;Y^2GXT9S]


X


M+\)M]0X





;*]

P_//-/P?('LZR)4?01J@NIW$040(=5Z7HZIQ^^[J]N:?$



-54Y7





M-1OV:7R!&]JS&CXQ78O.D!8J#(V.TRM_8[[@U7]L&T[97$WA]L&?T6`(XL



2YX;6R4E5UOFS`4AN\G[3]8OB^?



?-74Y8@ZW#

M+/JN:\`/B7):D'VM?XK#-\K*2D.W(TC(Y+7
3$.B/

M&+%A



M:&5E=#DP+GAM;)Q676^;





EZML#=V
:)5PE-6[5?XYX^'T0PCJ4B5DH)7

D5SI6J%XXCDYR61(YY32N(9%R41
&EV#NR


*0E[
]Y&E*E_A8#H.(S?P0(YV5*H'IBTQ



%\!+Z
KSVG.CZ=)YAEHF)]'&BN88G45]Q;91Z
)I
MW[ASPP'@EAKR'5('T
R_MZ&!U(?ZD

UT6GT9Y
^


MD4?O(=?B/GDT:/+&2BSXR!N

U9)5-`

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````
M(0!S.Z%K/@

M76^;

MM(%S[O&Y]]J^K&^?ZLIZQ(P3VFQL;^;:%FXRFI/FL+%__;R_6=H6%ZC)444;
MO+&?
;=OMQ\_K$^4/?`28V&!0L




MTF`H-K1)-F!/Z8.D?LGE*PAV)M'W70.^


M:&D$_Y.&#-K8T*M+&=U%.S0%2Y1)-A3`VFI,W:O,M)K#T-\#+NQO4N2#)L


M-'QZ9&$HRS7Z(ST^LLJ_&KEJ--68'?`.5Q6W

M`)BT+3K@;X@=2


M2D7_(+\&AH^T[5\```#__P

```$)```9

J


0DX!M5

@_T1E2((3R134


.W16X
Z)*-


VZJ48`_MP+\LX#$





$%``&``@`


)6+IESBW[]N+Z88&4N;G-:J



M

&ULE%5=


_Q


D.'.;Q15]QPK!):^4`W2N%7I=
M<^(F+C!M-R6#G3;D:!5AF_]-(^QN]V8_OQF]@OGI%L^/&38.57UE-H-MBD
M#=AS_JA7TJ]!<GN5?:]








M-*=M*U'!#WK

!D'$A-OQ%1LUZBEE9`

O



MOGZ88F0L;0I:JX;G^

QT12T6!/R/0]#%66@O&58GO)&^LAFM?4@G]3






M_P
9IBB+
(-
M-9_KD6O#VPM^PA=2]7#MI\PV?9`L1:-





0$T
M(`BH#RF`['D*;3H97

W/-F211?MP?Z4)JI[JV


M7;?@L6I6'`?*JWJ


M``8`````$`

J?


#+:3UE6&)





M__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`^

M='
.
MPY
+S6
^85=:P\G5N9Q!5_+L\.O)8V/]45YYGBNNW#R.ULJ;`IQVBPTRE-
M:



M9S^13436MK/?U@OT=TKO7/EL\0N[_U2FQU_2@L)J0YZJ^/`'S6A2T2-DSK9$
M1@Z
O8A+O\&0Y/P&A3\'_;:9ZF8A:GFT;]W$[Y7*?MM](ZTE-\RZK?V?UG

L8O\GHTF-UV=G3



T


K
M\K$GZKLWD+^K_K&Y02+J(S1SHG4:7:0%C

M#_Y1QOL3
/*'DN-+1/.'JD]@(MC?(!'U$9H_`I5]O

5S*J509A$2]*KI+


^E;S47$Z-ZF,V
M'V8N3099
D@$O4BNDO1
XQW*3L


A^0W.+ZJC?
.J=B\(
AI&P099U=[B:S8GGHE(6:8@W7R]G2JW0

CVM9%9U0X\=SEUE[
Y6HFP@7H62QPTX4KP
MH2)MRO



65_+\NF6:P8%
M!9H@3BT3DRTD`+^H$_9D0$'HH_O?B](T!4ZR(


)E.7O

LN-Y.]'
WZ)IP4?-)
Z/I-ZG!TQ;FO^COG;`3^[1Y9Y:




YI$

MMYIOE*B=)S&B8@[JMZ5L[)Y-\3YTBIG'37/!M6J`8B4KZ5Y:4DH4G]^O:VW8
VX_
MMS)W949'DRB=#D8)P



GH)27@PD)_
MGI:S-%W$3Y`IWV%N/`:N`9
$1`S5A)*@C..27@]YKXQ@5
;0L90;_^!89OBZ
MS.@C


M^/WA^=/C]R\?KO_G7]D_=M=7KV_WWS_=?WO^?OQP_??Q]?J?'__S/][_^?SR





M4@^


1=O;U8+,KWX]OKYEC\;E]=7#[Z]OST__9XWZ'@U.5LX)_75.`A\3]=:N
M'OT=:7RB(EU:?]7TUU5<KMYM%[?[U9;01,6-JTA_Y[6X=17I[ZPNTD+KKY3^
MSFMP[RK2WWE=7-`<ZILT_^&J;B\2A^:IJTG_,:N7YH^MDT_C[;O%NO;C9E%


T=

M7U;FCH$77

MTH5$:$OZ@+;F)CIS(S!NZ/Y)S01JJZEY9XTFU1Y
!K6!I$`R(#F0`D@)I`)2
M`VF`M$ZD`BU25BA]O0,-M:]JS&G26D()
82`(D!9(!R8$40$H@%9`:2`.D

P8RU%
P1&I!@7J[5$A^
6-4$2`HD`Y(#*840H@-9`&2`ND



IS^AG
M`WFAGT7VA

M$16(2D250%(9$_?.4


M;:U56Q57.=665-8$S3.4M3&VF
H.!3V+HELYS+&YA_3WTXGN)X.1E]566ZY[
;(6-O+C

A^0$C?0Y/UM-



M



2`ZD
M`%(J8#40!H@+9`N)$(R\T41(=E/GCKV?N1.Z5XK#V:NN$Z*Y-##/$1GCIZ
9-#\K@T4B=UL;



M-;AM+W+;G70K1\3DH.&(_%S48+RHP

U7CFC
ZMNL/)#99%:/I4
MB]V3\:#_R-X*[@NNZ-=&Z1U:;'(E)=J;B*:M8!V[105L-5_1MM:JMI;I9

O1T*3JUBCP)E=6\39T6YF!\XZSY`F??%5CFB`GV5BJL
M6-JL&*+J!
5I:03V?B



MHAQ1@:A$5&J$36(6D2=0&*JKDV'-[DS^AG\^DP[.H]D*3A'2?:Z
^LO!5O


VL)F=OXJVXFZE#ZIQ/?2*6<44Q8?5Y0<Y6
MX0IVU^6_@5,ZJPV5#!W
UOV)5K4\[%FJ\EN-]Z*N]TZI+JMSRFXHKB(H-MB




D0YH@)1B:A
M5-J$+6(.H&DI*3$'$F-N9J2%@7S+XX`)8A21!FB'%&!J$14(:H1-8A:1)U`
M4K]Y!PX1'C@P\KM1CA!E+*$.6(D0EH@I1C:A!U+J!)+ZF0QVQI)VN7AX



)6+F

_SR
MCWDV-I8/]V*'Q



MFNK=T:(@=W)&GB1`4B`9D!Q($1+9#1/ES5A1+KST]Y2[K45B10W([UL80G'%


M[-9=)2M)E/(A*W/2L*4D@K-%M-^LK8:M)7SE:3O@JV.N5+2DI6
V;QSI@K


)GB_?$^C`089+*)6.3&*


@^':?O
$YW*`@;8D0)HA11ABA'



MU!J$742?U
=!XNZ2##/3



E0LZ.2_2

#0O#J[U#X9R

E`5&




6-KR68^%8$'A%^NV!-*.M%?U[

MN!W8^%7P5+9FX8
7N&K`2




MIC):6SMSCR48*@J`EI7U3.2





MYP_7=_O=P9R[D!1#!2[94TG_*9XNH33XT.?([4HD3-E_:.WH=[U*.9
59O



ZW8V-
MYR^+PR^C^IMU.-+.'0W8J#U-F%'_Z\

M5!*/EJ148K[AC77HJ^Z'?+3D;G=[N+/??U-S):82\P4Y])9223I:0E\#/9BO




0)VJ



M(SWW-V.1[H1V\PO(G_)=653%4WU#
MLV$FL^EX\G#7&/1/GKU6@_^/JD/QZI;Y/LK/&;E-X\1&X+$HOK!0?\\059Y`

ULR91VQ9$Z
M0/^.3CE+#7(D_=;\?

4:K
MQ#5FK0;]%!JKF^7M=&XPD2L5YVW%15?1Z!N_4H]4FT[3SX\UN&HK4O:W%=_7




M6=OY2SGQ
_QE

M2`9`

*





MGP0N(D\@65[9H?A]E)`/!.KE0T210)+\2CGYQ'V4D$\$:N1EX]EA8SB;\$-;
M
Q/7AWSW95-0]E*09I:9T^&L/;+Q(POMS$23&X


AP`


E\KN

MQJ7U3$F31*B\U2

M0^0CA%B)$,:)$0K+;]Y);O_@I63ARG+$D6*ILOIOV2T95:2HWE)`-D8Y


&G)X&AX!C``68AL1`XB

648;12]FMYAI]HQ=E'B5'5&Q




M/LV$V`Y-%E32[!4.C1SFFQ:P#KT1?[S3,,W]*6^^:ZM*&UFUU=/#V\[MD_

M+]VC4(E.RUF3CTW!I


M.



&L*^


M!&0

MDT



I;-7;GF/6H6:(
M8.:+YB1^77-^JIEF631_MU5
/)0-D2/9_QQB'

!CS#E5#Y$CU








$<O8YZ2*0&F^:P0$(%+.]*\S/$BRAXGF
QG?7Y^




D2UDCNTQ
MCQX#SP$3#0@HH
RJ-VN[



`Y3H!\H+W

MUZ
;X3-
/!=\TDNN*
M?^)-8Q!3&]?P


!FNE_D?````__\#`%!+
M`P04``8`````$`8S@BYFX*``!*


M970R


1\%P

?W_\ZU_N/^OCM^:MJDX#
MT'!H'H9OI]/[8CQNUF_5?M6


MX+J9D#'M7N'7S(R#43@)$G247'&L'=W&+5N=5H_WQ_IS`



M)0'



D%48(4@I24
`?`;4`=T'\1VS1&X=9.

MD$*0DA)F%ESZUYN%PMPL36AH!
[=*)U0%S5!<D&4((4@)27,8KC@J,7G$PJ%N5F:T*@)D@F2Z($

HDRB52$A42E0QQN[#8D^-X
MP1C=&LU;D_/,M1(MZ;8@J29(+D@BA*^`ZQ4)
=_J_]EJ[W;.L:T9
5=LCE

&P81
Y/`

MHCY
@HEO

R8)O&DH9&B6^\)?R?E;-8(8HV/7K.95R:5
M50QBW?)4,8\R%GO/:'P.1H]=G[RZ8V!!-XCL83H7&:%6'3DC66%G`




MBZE$F42Y1$JB0J*2(6X7G'#?KLN-#IPX$2R-9K2B)X%7GE





MT




E@)$=B]RR$XDEZM$RB+W2KR0J&2(V^UUI^=[E8EL0PTB
MK6
%D;1W)(,1?.72LX,8]@8O$_I&8&]:V[CS/GS)
M_;YZK?Z^.KYN#\U@5[U`HNGB?M3?@IM*;_[5YKD^P3?<[3_@O,$W^Q5\;Q/@
MMV,O=7VR?X&EQ]W_!?#X7P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`+[<`<A9```

#N7C<%M51VLT*M?;;+\J;XIC=J2E^*T
M7U7T\_0Z*H^G;+6I*^UW(W,\GHWVJ_PP;#Q8ITM\%\O^3JSB_7;/CM4C9-3



9CG^SMJ)G&])NQ5M7IZ.!7O`]IHZ(;+
MXXIM6X;%O/'5T$RD;GU\M#QH73`OGYF;QR$)3Q._I#7][6EF3A]&WV@=KEN;


M


MB$WZ_`RQF1MZ1%(SDMKZUM`8G56[

MJ$U/5T7M_FB$;[?




M[9)ET/KL;-%=I^Z26PED(W(0N8@\1#ZB`%&(*$(4(TH0I0I2I62QN2SEO^C7



MX9XC3R#)E]ZB+WQ)5GJ+@;#B[D/AGJ-((


M&VL/1D=8\3MR6R2Y]Q#YHJ+DWABKS]U`6''W(?J*$


M







5#OKBI/T_12^XL.L?M\46-
M]+9A4!MTM-93PZ`VZ-HK\2D$K.WA)JGAR_6H:R12FJ=M1[3QT.?^WU1A1Y/
![;Z^_11%EBA628K3V_TPGOST9Y&J*E)B2?KPYX_3\^A;


I86O/
M-JJ'A^.AW%6'KZ?RY2J-G
OG_17&


MJ&X:HM7D@8[AC5ZT

TC$;&N94)FT]!W;[Z_[CAW/U?00+XSZ
M\KH7RY3E5N8_3(8S7SHFPXP#X253\+


I(QDC.2
%&UB

!(R$C$2
Q(PDC*2
9(SDC1

PPH38=)HDK=P;B_F?+R(X1GY&`D91
MB)&8D821E)&
D9R1HDT
A\'5]1T.$VK389*L()E;$W9))JP4+=H7('M&1#LE



W&[0N-V)E23TODMO-]X=`;7-70A;6_

M#Q*4#`XJ1=7@H+).%1U4CBHU*&NU6!-/%2CI&Y29+6(W]8YLD9LON&''3-Q8


^)B


@W)H;,U#MUNWF
MDKRM^X)XP!K9?T'<*96Y.M,;#A]5:B%:KN`VB*[%<@1NWTJDIJ`:Y^@(NP.
M
DH/G0XJ1I4:%&R/Z/.$!6#@TJ5:MA3&=H:'%2.*ERR9_,EN6H5*.D;E#E5
M0368,7]5KWT[J?84%F;(%);(F,(-:OF=;80MI:H?N-9A]3D*$.DY%FHT8#Y



MS9JQH/69K6I(5'H3;XS/[JIBV/

MGZ.`HYCB*.8HX2CE*.,HYRCPDFM^&NB&6#-;\A&VS1DGA7HM8LVBI5^TX
M\CD*.`HYBCB*.4HX2CG*.,HY*@QDNA+N`@U7#B],MI`3_TG4+C0K50OM./(Y
MC@*.8HXBCE*.$HYRCC*.2H
9/I/[O;]





M=B389KS%%6ZLXRCG'2VG*S6QC]SLUV@A;ZNS;!\-\35B$GLU4B
EM)$6YK
M*Q5

MV'7*^\DXRLVN[=F$7&0+;-/7F1E6L5%\QVR5^TICMDI$RK;$`UM;J=Z8K8U*


;=.L#=!R7]:J
#++$3;4


MNTI1I;O*.







J($R(<


&A






M.;!



XL]H
9^/H\AH82(9D9Q(0:0D4A&IB31$6B(=D=XG

IB)1$*B(UD89(2Z0C
MTOLD
!BBF0L
IJ1#@QF/^.\G,_6X;P\CD+6JBF1C$A.I!2$JF(U$0:(BV1
MCDCOD\&.PNL*&2#FVHB3_IB*1$
B(YD8)(2:0B4A-IB+1$.B*]3P*#J1R2

M#6PW;3`E'1I





3+=:


&6H&5[:+7+!Q9%1RBACE#,J&)6,*D8UHX91RZACU`<H-*7*




:ST:PK1T%+*J
T/$0.6QB)(Z8Z`J


RFAC*5R1@6CDE'%J&;4
&H9=8SZ``4F7;PY
M@!QJAMNR02LO@&24
LH8Y8P*1B6CBE'-J&'4

MCXQ21AFCG%'!J&14

M$WUUM!41]HS[['PNKH69D[+;0FZ1:[%PR-
E6RRMU&2+E9.R+=86N18;AR9:






MCBAG]06CTE7TU%

1

&-I(0:<*RFG=B'F0T%J2R)5O%Q

4:/BRU%/939VQAH*.3
ML2Y
&66

^@%QK\L@5UR`FN0=X$Z,DH998QR1@6C
MDE'%J&;4,&H9=8SZ`(7VNRR!77(:U&PSRW%&=W12;DI.6:^%F4LE3
J&)6






3

\V]Z`F7+X&^8YU:
H

M
V_




MBUTXF:B:0]2=EO,#7+M%2.9:*]TFCPINKOHI&Q[]:@=)+3H9;'VFF-M@\(3
MD)6X`7.T4D$8ZJ7L.OR.2E&P:J5TL+K8S60^GEL)S.+70^/2DWVJ8Q*R3Y5
M5DKW:3E?K$1



&D8MHXY1'Z#0^#*3FI[:&SX6

07OAQ[HY
B

&H9=8SZ`(76OBQUVG#J

D+V([L?`Y9=H8Y(+Z
_BCC?(!=U'HFD1#(B



MT3


BHE^U19*=NGG;R7




72
MZ?*DY$%2Y:1LB[53;U'CD*=+)FFMT^5)R18[)V75]TX]4.#*G4RLWG14
F@)



M2DU%3RICE#
J&)6





MJ&)4

+

=DMS)6P6Y&O)%N)UZPE)I/

6_'DM;`
MU#&)LXM.
$^(86H8YLY6


J.1ES*B99R9LI\1@3F(P
M)S&8DQC
20SF)`9S$H


MP


MEH43EG/NB!S
27(P)S&8DQC
20SF)`9S$H




J

M_UADCO\\:(9^=:(1*7GBM/O(S/$[
#P3HS54U6BW1RL9!6AM.
5!!5R?D.
M/Y[3#[AV%+/]P



:
2+\!,KA1AL<H%J92[!@+\T,N_\012WF^6XGH-




MY5&=743P[

?AJ5
?K5.7O[)\W
MI)CF(

ZX0PO[6;@U)S&8DQC
20SF)`9S$H

9B3
M&




MM@!WC2U8!G^-S%

MB
4<PV`??XZH1[5#8FW7/&432^^\+^T$R=?#H[[\2C6;A(
M&#%L!DY,3D=X;12S`\$Z,\S^^BQ9B8_.P&-&!$-^73N<.&J?$(-?1S';3@Q
MZ




LVJFPX
M


MY
9*



A)X/?H^%`V5V6Q

_TJA%$R_!LKYJ!T?90IF9@




MR1+7B&7L8IN-_L,W\7B=O9K7T5+3F@G4.T';S\?W^

2`GB`77)CY8

M














M\C4_OGY\K99^_/ZG]WH%0?LWG][]_

MO[_Y_




!KJ9W\:E3\&7Y#
\%O

'!P^.!E0R=9W\&3)#
S^\






M-!(=B(X5JG6'VL/K#ONG%RZ.PRZ1GSYN
'M
A4Y9
/OZ.35DIHHM44/4$G5$
M/=&.:$\T$(U$!Z)CA6KWH6:Q[L_



%8^6?F3IB
PYP=WWF,[UX`-8QJB3JBGFA'M<:B$:B`]&Q0I72M2_[EH?D

M2]00M40=44^T(]H3#40CT8'H6*':GZ^[SOB;RJM\93ZMIV(JHPW1EJ@A:HDZ


^THJ
MIO(TD7SYY?W;OS]]#+F=G56N]9A=?/CNU$I=85D$TFT32BLG4W6W)N838G*




)I\8$%M

M:8PR:
NHAJ@EZHAZHAW1GF@@&HD.1


2GOXD:HI:H(^J)=D1[HH%H)#H0'2M4*[VLHM66
I1&9
;?)D49


M&N]



C*]W;JR;I-B
MSKS0V+9]H9&X%^HKH]#X
U[H92O+&ZXL








@]SA-N.2
C-'KXB+E'%=FQ+_R6CAE$M44?4$^V(

E18=B(^






M`]&Q0K6_N4KW96\4W;'TS4B#SPQ7MT;8E*@R7%-;Y?'AAE$M44?4$^V(]D0#






M!+*+T82J%*%0VJ:H
Y]++U'Y%;5LOB/JRX%&&':D2U1N?L^V!J*Q'&B;=SM%



R





&Y`M2`/26E*?XF5E

M




8PIW2B
S8W*0H@[9$#5%+U!'U1#NB


2Y4J]&:4#U:W2)@DP^T$^AT8![`#:-:HHZH)]H1[8D&

53#^J9?0073SZZ7=0P?1#J&#Z)50P_10JF'X+U3*7B\L*
M@M45=X4SLY/'#)/.5#J4GRN23C#I!)-.
.D$DTXPZ0233C#I!)-.
.FTS.GT

)@


D'


FWS

@LFLV`R

MG)#=\



L'&&'6;8L69.

)@
@\DPF`R#

M8@K+8U3RP20?3/+!)!]
\L$D'TSRP20?3/+!)!]

#O#FAG6SK!NAO4S;#?#]C-LF&'C
M##O,L&/-G.$+X/\L^=V\968\IC526<L(`R33C#I!)-.
.D$DTXPZ0233C#I
M!)-.
.D$DT[+G




]WLP





OG4F\TW[FW/)Y6


AP+(#67XV083(;!9!A
AL%D&$R&

M3.K!I!Y

ZL&DWC*G/E0^7OV+)II80KF)QGV/GR::
M&%:5-YQHIB3S#E`DRY`%
NP)0+
.43+D`4R[`E`LPY0),N;#,Y2*42#87
MYR::6%*IQ:Q)?B-S$XU+@T;[%)8/U6@'DV$P&0:383`9!I-A,!D&DV$P&0:3
M83`9MLP9#H74)89CX54;CLS-)^6MZE1EIA\S5Y@Q/!V:F0R#R38#(/)
)@


)@

H%



!D&DV$P&0:383`9MLP9#C71)89C



.L&D$TPZP:033#K!I!-
.L&D
M$TPZ+7


@LF
MLV`RR:S8#(+)K-@,@LFLY8YLZ'ZL&;_M;IY\_:[G_Z]???Y[;O?=^Z^E;O
MSO_X_6G7YR^KFUBMU#I3!3-M!



U9B^O/U42W#4Y@9
ML&`R#;#8#(,)L-@,@PFPV`R#;#8#(

MTX`%DTXPZ0233C#I!)-.
.D$DTXPZ0233C#IM
SI#!7E)3I3!5H-V
34BQFP
M;E6H`3N%F0$+)L-@

MK$VFUA9E&F@@LDLF,RR2R8S(+)+)C
@LDLF



S2EC8$K/;!=N
MK:#+;@K+72@]MCF7GE#@_`GIB752G9Y4.^F/6=S@
=6[%*;2H(3-7(ES87Y'



S/^ZTJ=+4ZCB[]TSTD^KNQBF;F$80NI!&4E
MFK6G`S-3QL4


M^IJ(S-SP=!
$DTXPZ0233C#I!)-.

MGK8BOTM
2?OZJ);A*2P/3AD&DV$P&0:383`9!I-A
!D&DV$P&0:383`9MLP9
M#M7E)89C-5H/6%NAIBVD.S#I!)-.
.D$DTXPZ0233C#I!)-.
.D$DTXPZ;3
MZ0PEY24Z4PE:#=C$=%F8`8N']^^F
#-@P6083(;!9!A
AL%D&$R&P6083(;!
M9!A
ABVK#=]?6)F?XEUEGE@UPY)M5V3-#&MG6#?#^AFVFV'[&3;
L'&&'6;8
ML69.9ZCS[(!]_A;2?2P1JZD@L[(HVZS(9#8=6^)D%DQFP6063&;!9!9
9L%D



MIB2BR413!F;ZX);24L=Z&


MQN\3TYQ7[D3W;E3KAC6%
MF0$+)L-@,@PFPV`R#;#8#(
)L-@

H%F'(!IER`*1=@


)@
@\DPF`R#


MI56MV2

MHO




2J`4NV79%)9VS/'N=8-())IU@T@DFG6#22:=8-()

M
.D$DTXPZ0233C#I!)-.
.FTS.D

K!Z=8-())IU@T@DFG6#2

)L-@
@PFPY8YPZ'DN
1P+%%JPY'5`Q9
`Q9
.L&D$TPZ
MP:033#K!I!-
.L&D$TPZP:33

M@LDLF



M3T^=GB?XR_HJECSVDLG
O-;-#%
2X[%G'KPS8?F%*8GQ4-.%D@BFC
UU@0?O

M[ZZNW'DH_6?.PXV(4)#9$7%N)







!D&DV$P&0:3



Q1S?A696#T'Q#BQA=NN?

M:DM0-X7O7_]#J^W:7-..9C\@2M)$P]9*8L3&RA5V5F:LZ&N5Z5K2DL]Z!T

WMI=:!=
.8UE8OF

MDYX5MC]+6.YZ;'-N?2$NLZGYQG;G^'I1EQGJ4;48CETJ
N)#[G))37*2R?A))8G<2-?O;4
MO5^MG#[G))3FJ?4%$\K\%)9/0E=A=1*KJ_O5VIV%TG[F+-Q(+6@'0GG;F(A

!D&DV$P&0:383`9!I-ARYSA4)1:
9RG`R#R38#(/)
)@


MOLB@OLB@OLB@OLB@OLB@OLB@OLB@_E!V1'W&K


M(_8S)#UD_Y^:EOT0]CG#WV3M4UL`G44&G44&G44&G44&G44&G44&G44&G44&


MX?5/?W9`?9%!?9%!?9%!?9%!?9%!?9%!?9%!?9%!?9%!?9%!_:%L3_WKKQ]V

MZ3QABV#3P:PC;&`@MN0S]?R.L#'8-%*S-)LWP:;5D:IW&LS2'.B/D9_:0AEF
ML7.6]JZDV3;!&L?:8%


M:P4VS)

MSL(+)P


MZ)S@[+'Y!'8T
H\GL



M2H


ROF![+
MT-V2CV'9';ED_=GLRZ:[8*;'\G2WY&
8R]3=DH]A+%=W2]:G+3^P/ICIL7S=


N/V\3QWSP@



MM?XNF[:'
\7&E(_Y..-L%6SEV#K8&1_);XT*F*:YB=[&L6VPK6/GP2X\O_/D
M=^%ZMR?T.WCIH[*R:EA86/-1C+[7FJ.?@M'YZF%
V5P%XV.UL`YVQD?2!)L'
M


69[YE7E&;4\*Y5(FN0


U?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`L$02,)H/```)
M40``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970R-RYX;6RLG%USHTBRAN]/Q/D/
M#M^/+9#U173W1EL@0#Q$7O.7JMM=5LQMN6PU-TS_WZS@*2H?$M8VMBY&+D?
MWLI*R*RBR!+Z](^_7IZO?FW?#[O]Z^=KYV9P?;5]?=@_[EY_?+[^OW\&?TRO

;]W!8'S[LMF]7M<6







@E
M*0H.^6PM/&B




HN




M:?.


AUK%YB-$*T2Q1CWF$ZUB\RFB-:)
HQ[S
MN5:Q^0)1:2`SU.HY^X)0UX_E1J@;U(FA
Q#I-U?UK.JVW7
NYO($75'OQ&Y
MXZIV[TS&XYF8`(E.9U/2ULW\M84VD32E\CTQ75'CB
*:M^7V);-]*7Q:2

M72_62


M


M]CMVAN)TUTIP^G2SUF*/*&]%W&UA=NNXSE`\E)0G^S63256&+DBFII#4G;]J
M9
Y?CO!FKO;#SYB_6A6?J
\-Z\$SGDQ$H2]@P:FQ4ZW9EZSJ';RA5G'_$:.Z

MO-^6+#C5OYENJAYV0;K5Y3-C[FI09U-9WWK$4?S%T6D5PH^*H^0'GKWE6W




I*;M9?&V3
@;30$7=45O6.




MV4=VCB.Y:4

*$&4(EHCRA#EB`I$I8'


CRA/V8MZH.FC1(&/2&4]%0=77*K85H*TEHE`W[%PP:3[2*C:_

WPOW!O*WD8B51([&S
M(D;VG'9G5$-5]V_'/^3S0JO8=1]1@&BI48_Y4*O8?(1HA2C6J
=\HE5L/D6T
M1I1IU&


2%:<<
%-.E7(O2+FZ\FND7(
Z
M8X[*VXM^F!9!&?K-\TXY$UG









M!-_W^R/_0W70_HCAEW\#``#__P


M:256ONEG'7

W:R:8!ZOE9.URUL1_E/_^9;O0*=%R\'3&;UJJ
M<IJ[.L_MQ_U*KMJJ




@?A``B`AD`A(

PB;


1`$B`ID`Q(#F0!9`FD`%*:Q


M3^??

R!S(#Z0`$@()`(2`TF`I$`R(#F0!9`E
MD`)(:1)KX




%HB66M$T[SSN%5J*



SNUP^LYY9E%[XAFYK(FVVG-]%]JW^+J=^V4T=+V
M:MR?/0=%*^&

M$-V_.;S.'
`P5C53J60U[8=#&;5@+L=O(=COL
MCZ&`-;I-:HL-L:6U$+O-V*TY!SW/F<^YD-*WC'/('<0E.K8D1S67G_HW%]I
M^S@Y=T2'QYP[1A_GC-.J[!-9)4NUCJPU-7+F^50\K+8X#M52/
YSI:A*UKCK






M9G5'YH_M^ZF.C/'
W\/&K$)6`5)=6#H&GIXM




M.S=.L?+%]=

M3RZDZGAZN#_42=#31Z)&YX5V7C4.W%Y9:;L]N3V0DW-FFA!W9II$XC.!^BZQ
M/4-;29L*HFR9%40IGFK/*

?M&=:N0_9EG8?
9+MF9OQC?
T&[/`J5-_]125


M

M1OT

$?D*V28#S1J


H[%/$][(V?KS.UX

949^ZDD%$AIAH9L\V(
MK-JK9BQE%!$/B/=T`@T:C`?LI0V'R&*&6GSB48-YE.6TN8S1#DC;7Z!:
E(
MVRH0E8RP'2

G#Z

-0VFZ-

/G#/CZKG#J3
M5X4K8N-[D.VI1\)(D:R63







M965T





6EKHB_38NK
MZ]5B


S(&(S





M;XU6OLEF
!E$(9(028ED1'(B!9&22$6D)M(0:8ELB71$=D3V+O$T0IQ)([7`
M7[BP*3?8TJ`91S6YLO5&HZH-)H-J1!(B*9&
2$ZD(%(2J8C41!HB+9$MD8[(



B(YD8)(


TH8I8PR1CFC@E')J&)4
VH8M8RVC#I&.T8XACV$L(^7KX5*




M$SE5!BL[50@EZEBXGW;&*F64


LH8Y8P*1B6CBE'-J&'4
MHRZACM&.T]




O]R-L1H?J]9J&*L:

CZU

MH9W+T/;U3@Q/8V0#VQ


=I[

M?SAS\0;LX

M!-[)]_.@PEH97R7[JBRROBB[J:TO:T4M-M;*M-A:]P9M+;*^J
7.^K)6\QNQ

<E,SXOT<@_&+\1NY:-L8)PP:-0
MO<'2!RWV^#HQ%=6#I#\_1=%BNA#K96I,W%,VGEDQLKZSBUR.A6)&55H*YP6

2&D8MHZU%SL7(9XR=M3+N=XSV'O+'BSIK


O$H



MI:9`-#2V%GK8S[':.]A_SQ

M\++.8;GP9!7[UXTV&ET;XL'(7&&BB7ITX(P9L=BGRFHHGO)@Z3MHCW-R:JBP
M#:FA


SX_TPCO\)CV-Q:-]#O65CC;
Q431JGU9:PR1CFC@E')J+)HI*NUM3*=

2ZNM%6ZJ#03DPY

QVP

MC':@

MK
1)T=YX.=8C?YR&SP'M./W'\\]CK_/A(:9Y3VW.QX`:N8N01:.C4A\6.HN0

K
-FP[G&GG;'UYZ^JY@LZ-SUEO1
M/?3%]*[1Q#1\+:=T.][N]JQVNZ%=IW

(GE';@G;FJ

+[7Z8IV+B6FHD6I0=9]QBAG5#`J&546C72UME9VA-!E

M&.6
D8EHXI1S:AAU#+:,NH8[1CM/>1/-'7VYZ[P)[10YD(+C=S=PEPN0)OY
M8&6&9,PH890RRACEC`I&):.*4




M



^];S

DNIAWIO\


3NKS1NO&N1[5?&RK9?6S32

J_5`1EIM



M#:.6T991QVC':.\A7XO+SAH6?-9@D#V(WC*&26,4D89HYQ1P:AD5#&J&36,
M6D9;1AVC':.]AWPM5,+O;G!.S(O^?,#;V-1P69!*&:4
$H998QR1@6CDE'%
MJ&;4
&H9;1EUC':
]A[RM5)_P5:Z',Y\GC0B.L2\
]?WXK=L`;:V5NOS&C
MA%'**&.4
RH8E8PJ1C6CAE'+:




#IL
?,<JY8L&H]KZ89!;]+\WF'CG?M
C
8GE


M&66


=HSV'O*UD&F:LZJ?6
$X8U/YHU+*
MKJ$;1C&CA%'**&.4
RH8E8PJ1C6CAE'+:

:.0=-

7?U'5R(G60
:BI8W46!YBNIB(









/+AKVHJNV$6<
:%5-1+E'8D+H]?-2EN-
M!B4.6O'RTOO28QS+BQAGJ7%S;)SI87Y.EW+CR^NX[%*AK727HM7U1,SHTO@Y
MUB=?'5AYZIQ8\96Y4*5'3GZW61&*&26,4D89HYQ1P:AD5#&J&36,6D9;1AVC
M':.]AWPM9,IW0@O.\U8:(?[#@K8R&-3:V46F9A1PBAEE#'*&16
2D85HYI1
MPZAEM&74

M*AE5C&I&#:.6T991QVC':.\A7PN91)]]D'C+^;1!SD$BHYA1PBAEE#'*&16
M2D85HYI1PZAEM&74
=HQVGO(E^6R5/N64VV-G&
A(C&1A$A*).2$RF(E[Q



M4L6


;XO7G[R-#4FN



3Q(F*I;8[-R/Y0W)BA%\8]PJNKNH.<OQK$F)E;

6)0C!@4(P;%B$$Q8E,&!0C!L6(03%B4(P8
M%
&Q8A!


M[_&*)IQL#@P=&'9MBTALMC#7=%5OKA&#F
0@)C&(20QB$H.8Q`F,8A)#&(2
M@YC$(8QB$D
8A*#F
0@ILN$F)?EJM&$DU7#_+G6VSD

MQ*`4
2A%#$H1@U+$H!0Q*$4
2A&#4L2@%+%=@$$IUTXHI=)55ZE3\O3IK2]/

*@QL
MI%4HTYN-MPJU!C/3`N0:6C`



M')AX/?
G'C'(TS
\@U3/::32!R,0YG!PEP3E%/4(88E!GJ:N\LRF!AO$
4


M4T6;87`
9J%%


MT2/]5&HA'\IC=
#@N$\
^-SQ`JCPEB9EC$O):G\E-M&`&C+4-ZXW.D92AO
MK$S+4-EK6?Y

&Q!!W8H@R
829&$)+#-M_8MC^$\/VGQBV_RX3\J@4^Q)Y=$KN3;XA
M3;=C;#$5]W8H-IB900;%B$$Q8E,&!0C!L6(03%B4(P8%
&Q8A!
6)0C!@4
M(P;%B$$Q8E#




(GC#1BK@;3I#KP\+L.SU
M%.U@DQ*J@W;P6\Z!$C6L0QRR!54[+G!41@=%I20KVB*:YD&2W`MV.ISO[F



M$_N&V1I_A

WWU[_(+4;W(X[G[I7P;J_^?M^2=2PJMWOSZ_X46APS^_/MY_?GQ1UCC^
M^O+\_&;^!\/V_5_/+[\?TLM/_R\`````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`QY@(
MN8$```R!@``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

MAN\G[3\@[FO\E;2QXE3IJFZ55FF:]G%-\+&-:HP%I&G__0XF==.F4K




MB1GXLA
#=4G727$UIVRU'.OS1\+.'GP3V^K=5R.K[[('+#9ND]^`C=;W7GI;




X1/VN+9!=((U






-'EFBI/H';8C,_CJ/G
MZF7];7?^=_T15]O7MS


M


24`*J1--EN^/\]G]Y#O%]T:8+-'$

M2F66$BB];4-

B`Y
MD`)(V26:MJ0/:

RAV:]**#20`$@*)@
1`$B`I
MD`Q(#J0`4G:))C;IJHD]'
#
NM%4BK'DQ*
=KU79=:=&P+9&LMH*2``D!!(!

M`B0%D@')@11`RB[1-)Q?I2&SUC7DQ*
?G3@T-Z+6J-402``D!!(!B8$D0%(@



M!U(`*;M$$XP=.*Y0K#'7)1-HUM%

6D8DDRDJZ3]%7ABA7%3M/;QF;=*&LI/M2\Z6/!SM<_/_C






W^M5)6






M?*D-*!`59WRX+7

3?B6N1O
M*O7TA=4GB;.TZO9

*$&4(LH0Y8@*1*6&=+6O2P%M3`$EZBY!PDJA%5H%B$)$$:(848(H190A


E8`(^'VE962F_OJ

*$&4(LH0Y8@*1.SC6J8$?WJN-O]8EG^_N*^.KY5?[7:G
MT:;^QCZ$I0J/]RWF7^DN[;L%6^A)$[/$F=('O$WR!R7LT][F``E-I4T&R4






MDY^

&84
M




M9F+O-[^YB/
?NK+OB0PQR'\N0LGJDJ
][..;AW'(TNZ:G9H2[C'E?KM7#)AQ




8?^M`X2*'TD#$5)9A9S
MZGXG?RA
UFZW3#+J?VH75V96&/5R^-]I'8/FK3
BCB`D%CD+SO)&LXW+#R5?

&_6:SARU#NY]'D@1#9YQWP@$V:K+0#%`S@!1.G2%[1O7





OV(R\[7467^5'Z2#7=.$4+Y
MX=`MO0_-$'[L/!O1.)@&3UQ!%[28OYQFTM7:N4SAT9_U?$XA2L9^P&+5#)D
MXCQLT5`^)
KR@BC'0]_:4B#(CH92G%UNO5A`-'Y#IX!`77OCE4R:[\SU!4F.

*F
M=+[

8+[$'V&F.]V

M2(8482=9$+;X^`72FI&AD
Z;+381N3P(K_$W^NE(P9T&0K4E$Y`

M$8=.12E[:+P/L#=HWO2

M=N=
(0C;)1E]UV#-&)D

;(V?6I1




`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0!__F`$U0(``


`V13*J*





DA6+


O3K7




M;_#F'P```/__`P!02P
&C

MA$-FJQ/1D'!U(AX2S.8ZDXPQMLZD8XRC

=F*


MB80D4DE
MC


8LA(E2$%'J0V6A6'Y6-

LGT/Y04)(KCKHI4ZU8B58W.4H&4Z
)T9


TW&





M*5=LZ^Y02(6*
&HI:S(@

<G/.1

MG.S


?:/EN6D+SS6^7:@4AK)C(@NX9?.-WSL?(.Z
M&C((%%((Y%U$!P?[M#^59
.TEH)*61S(CH:G[IJ


M_P```/__`P!02P


M197'^
?WY[L)1L;2*J6EJGB


M4A.HFE=PDBDMJ86ESHFI-:=I$R1+
@C#









'B`A&O_











J*]$:U/`20N/H%I*MPST0%E9UOLFVRL+\




M3\_UZ\^O__##QP__^$:+GM[PI]]?IR5T\7T:K9Z86?1XJG[I3-4IFD;Y8QKF

CUC5B'3^IV'7$701]!%L(A@B




4[1UF8HL.9`W2@?0@&Y`!9`NR`]F#

M#B!'D)

ZHDV1`/1EFA'









ZHIYH0S00;8EV1'NB`]&1Z.20
M5SFOO=&W7RC%C-K78JL2U


Q.\%:I26_Q9U$^IP/1FU)?(NAIUG__BXO;A+N2UKQ%^


:4_&_-?


M*5%M@]'5L1KJ*VK#;QJZ
/Q0H]I86Z)=16WX?4






]I5
M
FW'O^[^Z?N\_;0;AHK\AJN;:Y:5O7
E9;5#M&]40;HH%H2[0CVA
=B(Y$

H5:

M_?`


40:M&=41]40;HH%H2[0CVA

M6'_I0_VK?HCGH70R=@$MR^@X5KUJKZPM4!KHHZH)]H0#41;HAW1GNA`=0Z


;R^8C-











31D7ACGW]:H.O]CR




V]?
MF./].5N9O;'#L.FCR

5\N+FPI[J
M7
LONWLGCQ-ME

MOUWC#%M/




$D'TSRP20?3/+!)!]

.L&D$TPZP:033#K!
MI!-
.L&D$TPZ+0LZ4X\Q1V?I2=H5C9\6Z?);V@VWTULZP:033#K!I!-
.L&D
M$TPZP:033#K!I!-
.L&DT[*@

M=NTNI9FY*W+U^?;+\6*6CJ*\]LS8:3=JSV,M$JF7RJ^=L+F7:]74IAVN;C

_
V2YRS:5DX


EC<H[._+'JJZ$PK8MM;K'5:#R7&S]Q&_;O)')

!D&DV$P&0:383`9!I-A

!4L

%^9K
M.7S!M%K4E[I:'E]:ZU;RP20?3/+!)!]
\L$D'TSRP20?3/+!)-^R(#]M?:S\


.L&D$TPZP:033#K!I!-
.L&D$TPZP:33LJ`S

)@

T$&R;8=H+M)MA^@ATF

6A;




S4\+]Z#L\O4.F=;7_%JS79!%
&D#DRHPB0&3


3



E;]E:6W/7:5W)N
MALSV0#K!I!-,.L&D$TPZP:033#K!I!-,.L&D$TPZP:33LJ`SM2YS=.96Q^LL
MS^]^)ZT/F3:+KUD
CP.5PM;AL%D&$R&P6083(;!9!A
AL%D&$R&+0N&4SLR

)L-@
@PF
?NQ5V?&E=36483(;!
M9!A
AL%D&$R&P6083(;!9!A
ABT+AE-G



.D$DTXPZ0233C#I!)-.
.FT
M+.A


@LF
R
MR2R8S(+)+)C,@LDLF,RR2R8S(+)+)C
6A;
IG[#FKVF

M
B.2RXBD
B*9C$@B(Y+'B*0Q(EF

L*$R/P7OKRI'

+R+53Z):CXE$;EM(3HD_++$RK-4Q/&



7DJGJ*3UIVZRH5
!4&X6U/[M0
M(8SLPA0J!`RGK(





)@


23
%&_;)*M@QS!0LF`R#R38#(/),)@,@\DPF`R#R38#(/)


0GW
;8HKU



UM196
M9U!BQQG$0F930\+
SKVF]IC[&I]7V^N4M;W$F0V*DICC_-4H7E-K8?6-*8F8
M0DD$4\:FIN`UM196IU#&






M@ATGV
FSH#

MR2R8S(+)+)C
/F
M7[[S2Z]=MFAA=8%6$CKLCR[
J

M


M8THBIE`2P92QJ2EXV:*%U2F4



M06=J#N?HS

M



WGV[U?2[
K[[X4[P69@IV?&EE
M
@PFPV`R#;#8#(,)L-@,@PFPV`R#;#E@7#J:N;8SAW@=ZP[0Q+[_T
IH(%
MDTXPZ0233C#I!)-.
.D$DTXPZ0233C#IMSH3%V8U?G?67US1^=5%^977_SI
MQ?,85@M7]L%D'TSVP60?3/;!9!],]L%D'TSVP60?3/8M_93)V/M7]G[/N?.
MQQO.S*R@JT6)

M
!D&DV$P&0:383`9!I-A
!D&DV$P&;8L&$X=R1S#N8/Q!6N[FEJP8-())IU@

M

.D$DTXPZ;0LZ$S=QQR=I5LQ


D'DWPP


+

.D$DTXPZ023
M3C#I!)-.

M$ZR?8)L)-DRP[03;3;#]!#M
L.
$.WD6S*8&8D:A+G+#X0JU
'-_Y1)(
O
K

R[7+


MR!^
LY?/TA:ZC\7
PND:OX]?+DJ8BNABFL:P^DZ5I\+R:?+\?'
;%@/EK83H



[0VYO99VCI@]T96IBMA^=XF\%R4:*TN9XLF[H+RF&N

KF7[^F^?GY?-SF%_IO3B_4OV2
G:<C
MNY`=?7R6


.!D&DV$P
M&0:383`9!I-A
!D&DV$P&;8L&$Y-M5U0KA5L;L*]8=N8E\N?2S`5+)AT@DDG


M1B27$4EE1#(9D41&)(\126-$LAB1)$8DAQ%)H4'!8.K_K
DCKH7%/[E6#L:P^K&H)(PS5*8LC,P,%R_,*#/C<8L

M:R5
BT$+B^6HK(UA]8WH/NL7,JXUX/5?OCN[RJY-^7AE,I8=%;_O+H2N(X
M^H4PY74


M]



M&&#FFZ

M)3HN\]!A=%SGIH/)HVGTO&GTLVETK&ETIFETG6ETE&GTC&GTAFFP-PW2IH&V


!P#9R7LL5^X#0-G*:!TS1PF@9.
MT\!I&CA-`Z=IX#0-G*4VPJEY98E3%^@_\3I9W5PFJ(.!X5D;Y.SQYVR)Y&O1



`T#9RF@=




M-GIJ`X^Y)&\BCV\M1$_MX\



K


MZYQK-+SGT5W)

HJ@29\V
'

M_?O4%SE?$E\\.Q'U2M8CIF/.HU^$
T;;IVK^*?8:'1W_WCE]W%]_4*&^GUJ.
MGZ^DZ





6DVGF;)+'HC+-G$WR6%R&.
OGPVOEI7*L




]VC

MN_S4G

-?

JD_&U#1G1IU79YUZ\-N/^&CV^ZHH@Z9XKLMS3YVT
MY2GO(?[N6%TZYJTN/N*NSMNGY\N7HJDOX.*Q.E7]]\&IKM6%GQ[.39L_GB#O

B.Q:6^Y7^H/E9Y:C
M&^OE(-_5?G:?_7NF/S&K?5[H_J7(+:
$]D!AZ;YHF8ICN8+!1D?##/S5

MEVWSJL$A\GN+CG9+BR?O()5(2T97I?OE274(_'R0-RL=,@)JZ#M?2RMDUK

M-]3&$BO)4\3A)EP=1$)$(D1B1!)$4D0RD4@B05Z_0B3B9J7;\!I!)66A;*C1


M(I*)1

B%RN++
M9&HN9*.0&[%E$G'?C


?]4C5NTU833G17
M9D0.+ZNC&W.U-FB`V$ON%HA_0+FZ[ICA`PMAJE9V(XJ5
0LH/GC`2#7
;.Z

O\V'KV5H<
MW9$@8%:BNN/`*XJ8U=5]?$5WW?
ZNHKQ2ACB-XMB%\K%NE
165^KD)I?RL)

JR/93;


ATX;N
$C
MA9O!2WXH_\S;0W7NM%.Y!['












MB3.Z



_?


M!7.$.B1(

V%JE!A(`B0%D@')




/J&^M







L)67&(JN&)-#47533$^LSAF*
MO15KE')#
QW\\2':S)3GC`TF\J#W'&BMURX%^UKV-\&2D8U/LX?:@JC88#1^

M@C700/W,FOEU^RI:\<SZ'RG$S@S%F,SZ#F!Q?&!RY5X.5R


617.S&T)+C)TJ(S+G^.0ZZSAH\[/%^S+AR^Y
MH0T_7T$WNS,^=<\_AJ_9BW_`U&LEJW$++51%]QQPS!BF%^RU\F7Z/6)J=.8

MJ!




MJL7%:JD2+V
+


/*^6D0=HZ
OJ?YE&Q@T



M.RNS17EZ]94X*[-%UELMX(F]M^*[5N;=


5D


S5H'`KZ:+%5
M^\
QK?Q



@1T*CAL@+0^A#_9Q4XM)CH9

AJ[9J0_=




MC+FZV5@4;#;$1Z?'SX;P7)
@2A%EB')$!:(2486H1M0@:A%U`LE4-5L+H7XF



64Z%8DH@21FB
M#%&.J$!4(JH0U8@:1VB3BIGR[<@K7FA)18PZT<\JNQ&%&*$64(<H1%8A*
M1!6B&E&#J$7422EU`7;A'Y8F:TL\CN



B-.LM01?@X[5Q-'9HZ/6K/UL_2!80H98C%1B5%
5-&7'SN;B?RTCGPZ







MZW7504H5!#[Q6)T




M(SR5+I;J1I@9@\&1Z1UYQNL2!(J8)$.YVE)X-(*45]-)VE6`AM+!)9NM3K

MGJ(?`B5'LA^764?J&4-U

6NBO

M1513L:3@IE((!9_(.UM8&5=K1&\S[?I43#&=-V2.N1=[9A@#+OR^==[YY1
M@;Y*1)7P)64PR_M0AI^;ZES=$#SAV3@4S#;+2
W*


M.A1.CQZ-*)*PE7\C*T64
?*C($=4




M!90BRA#EB`I$):(*48VH0=0BZ@02^NU$A4-WV7']CN9R`F7D2XT848(H190A

M3B`IZ65ES@[+'(=$2D+EDZ!5BBA#E,J$)6(*D0UH@91BZ@32.IG:HWPEA)L
M^DQDIZM2@HIQYY#?8HD1)8A21!FB'%&!J$14(:H1-8A:1)U`4DI3=H123NAG
MJQ0Q.UKD'W/$.TT2(F0#$@.I`!2`JE(B_5E`/AI=JLN7@C9^?*BC'+!+#

;\Y%%ST


@82WCEP'DUPY2
MHKHF(E'A06QO)A(5HI'2(AI\\(:/RW$1A%-*ZUKFI]8#T0QKG)X%/;[47W])


O9Z'+0N?;[/=Q/L_;!:\=4$S@W47

+I\8'3YP.CR@='E`Z/+!U8/L&:`M0.L



C


M94)81G[6A4^.D-;6:N*;R`(SOH-3!W``1M0!C$9B4I\


C

)(3
M&

0'1N(#(_&!D?C`2'Q@)#XP$A\8B0^



8CZW






M23R8YY3F@_:4Y$



_O^P?
+$OZ\V/PR%G.2'E'3WYX_-V^A;O=NOF^W].+B:CD?U=M4\K;<O]^/_




L5ZV[_`/6;]6K7[)OGPQ6IFYB.


M01))RQ^-3.!&THT423J1SCM`
.I-A4Z(O9$R8`H(#F0


M@.1`B`ED,HEPE=%@E+38YT=4US__2`MS6EU8QN^@4






M]BB6.#9[VJ#


)RQ2.[)?J:06*DS\YQUN1$6^@E?QE)VZL_F<R\#4QQ;#*:



MRA`I1#FB`E&)J!)(VJQ3WM\4%B9[%JN%161PMX%'
^]^*0D[*9Y
*:(
D4*4
M(RH0E8@J@:2++DO6:6^&L+9N;M:`$IM11$6(*50*D=4(H150))FW42[8?%
MS:U^;\2^3?'AI_=Z@_:GB44R+/P3(%=T5XNN(D=*AE(*48ZH0%0BJ@02+HK\
MC/OT:M&*R]7(F?`$T0IH@R10I0C*A5BJ!I,U^YJOSBE_;1+
BAG)L/`N

@190A4HAR1`6B$E$ED'21GQ6?0M,?R.#1%@`2E$J0Z00Y8@*16B
M2B!ILY]NGK$9TTK:--I%HL_[$D0IH@R10I0C*A5BJ!I
V7Y9`1YI`6B7$V

$Z/!/-$[ZR2]5#_%NXJ

I12B')$
M!:(24260=(/.W]S-\8P;M+BW\AODC'
2`4H198@4HAQ1@:A$5`DD;1[*$^U=
M\!GS
2V
;@61=?^!9,6&-0H3?03L-.#'&.291$==XR)M_XM=\(2IP?82KD7
MZ(SL:,;..+5N42SPL=&\+)&*,9&RB$<SJ^]\$JXTIG1-*K=T32$CM7MV\BQ




MDT7NO6N/AGM@ER*CBX[ZO!5EMJ*#5*^+I.2*H_
2=^?[M8'36KRUUB#:;;AC
M26S0F:W%2NE7

M.FR^7'J

E(96$@R41E;3C#MIB*FF?DD+)C$K:J0DE

;0



M+?8

M%4GA)@
#T@CI2!9GJ#ISC!


+LLN+LB&
M\019YW@LZRTGLO/+LFZUCTZ.J_%B



.^;]JO6/]B5=?OJ:VRL!K[QQK^A!S60!C`;)5*



BYX;6RLFUMSXCH2Q]^W:K\#Q?L)V.:2
M4$E.#?C.I;:VSNX^

DQ^_JLEM5I22X;[
MWW_LWCI_%H?CMMP_=+V;?K=3[#?ETW;_\M#]SQ_Q;[?=SO&TWC^MW\I]\=#]
M61R[OS_^\Q_W'^7AV_&U*$X=LK`_/G1?3Z?W2:]WW+P6N_7QIGPO]O3DN3SL





W
M_E!8VI1OU`#ZM[/;BM`@CZQ_5)\?VZ?3ZT
W&-T
Q_W`(WGG:W$\Q5MALMO9

A3IJ017QFASP8C+04#57!0%_3\&_]VZ`U'HOJ6DO2T:C=]7E?E




)`&2`LF`Y$#F0!9`ED!6

;SMK@12U.KM6E)[&T@$)`:2`$F!9$!R('
@

5(!&0&$@)`62

M*9`
2`YD#F0!9`ED91++=^)
9Z9.[0X3:MMAD@QD;B_2G1F0$$@$)`:2`$F!

R@5EABB,V/V79!#H@*F)GI&^
MFT:&4C2D*VGK=]WEKZH%O&TC6O;3!(@:5W*


M4X4&-#_J_M)YW?;;C%54OE:!5T*MXNB)&-U5#A\.T-^R272MT6(Y83-Z.4D1

)HI21MI4ARAG).SGS6VN*BPW
M_%KDR?S
MY\B3:&0N=($WLAT?*Y6]X09..I6PRO0?U)@UU^C8RMF6-0V-&FTOBT3]BOB3


M%)1KU#
A\-TCC2IX80%0*G


=A#%C
P8K
UK9RED











D*IC#PF0A1K
_=0D^DXM)&WJ1RMZA(U3906Y0W<@[;
0O(

MN6+

MU5?

-5$$#

MVEC'C)[

M1T^J


Y+$_\!U7=JW]._?A_````__\#`%!+`P04``8````
M`$``3`Y3JX```/!P``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970U.YX;6R4


D@VE
D6




/P?%4X.CL&*X^Y
MYN)-1'X-

M5Z(JWFK4L!)HV`6RO?T?S`R

PH`7$IIC@/;
_M?
MV?(/````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`8-BH-(4%``![%0``&0```'AL+W=O


YX;6RLF%V/HS84AN\K]3\@[C=\)P0E64T!%`K

U[_O


ML3R5[7LGJFM5$:2'


M*
A



$AFD
M



M*(D6$Z7$I8<6LB=L%!(J)%)(K)M0A*%I`K)AD1(E!S+U8VT&]SV6!9/:PP%


M7)-;07)_4K$_YMR64L]^TA]A+
BA4!B

I\CK/DOI6M)'`1JQ(&11UT4X4E'
T%5^

#8]G





$%``&
=@T

M\_ZP;WZVI./1


M;/7R
RKK+2@*-!
W0*9M=8`!P+^CXQY3`Q39_'@8N]#Q_J79/8R]^218S#P'



M2PB8^;]#*1Y&,,*T6)YWFVYVMAXYB91/(H[$PZ=1@2
R1A2

M*A'XZ?+`\^FV1DI-2*&Q`Q)&)(R)&-(SI#1S?%S?YCM:V[P(Q@\R0B$Q

4
2AJ0
R1B2
M




M[.+ZX8A2S1)&0(Y9.7@^\3N4#1W8H+M



M)

6`;79!!E$O6]-7EM!Z(P_1?Y#!A3KL*QED0SVA8MD0





M
\RE!5^LK.34#^9S4@$DRF)H


7%
&69$D34*`S-L1-#ZP
*.)0S*&$0RF'
@[E










MR

C6592O=TQ3




ARU+D

-@1.;,R5#7*A@-;0A?M5&H=+
M_QXJE^\Q:\3,*1DPT8#P07S(`%2?9Q#_,P,;=)Q!/!WH79)KA,Q=/\=Z\?_H
MV:

MP]DD&5X?:4):YVM:\$@S29XW%P&SO69R*/V1YO0]FA8\TIR'!R/H$P%[S60^




&00
K4YQ;4RW($3G-1-4CV3'


MI3MJ;UZX`

!HP

Q^2




UL;I56J5IVN698&RC&F
!:=I_OP](W+C9NNXE

?WV\O9A@92[N2MJKC.7[F!E^O
M/GY8[I5^

3M
MEJ4`!R[M2/

6([8Y7\%4#)@2J0


M?;-T-O#Z?*T#!CKI!3-&;/Z)*-YC-2#E/\O@@NIC]1F&;Q6.
Z8&:^C;+T


MKA


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#;;L2BDP(``%
&

!1]G[3_8/F]


M;-`#UT:H=HV3*
:(MTP5HJW6^


F4VRM]!)JN\/W153L@.*O6B$??*D
M&$FV_%2U2M-]`[X?DREE9VZ_&-%+P;0RJK01T)$@=.PY(QD!ILVJ$.#`I1UI
M7J[Q;;+
IYAL5CX_/P4_FHO?R-3J^$&+XK-H.20;RN0*L%?JWD$_%6X+@LDH
M^LX7X*M&!2_IH;'?U/$C%U5MH=HS
.1\+8NGG!L&06::#)S3$PU(``^D12N
M,R`A]-%_'T5AZS5.Y]'L.DX3@*,]-_9..$J,V,%8)7\%4'*BB23$\D4U)_.









M%X6M
@?18/=<=`RU_'L5CAI=T%AC?#<6
ML+J$3


M2G4E6H

`ETK9X\(].
/_



M1I


M
\.HPT1]Q/J


JU$;5/$<0L-@


Z$
,9X;)^NMK73DON*,E:38NFOFN@YN<%&5S
MW+C__/WTD+@.95E39!5I\,9]P]3]NOWMR_INF=ZPI@Y8*&A&_?$6+OR/)J?






1FK;Y

@Z;RDRO248JBX/(2(5T



#SUW)3LD!
_O4\AL_LK.=437-ZEAH&L=


M(ZV8D?:$P;@I/I[@YP4



\5;:4$S43`^UAIQ:2$PV/

M9T#G.:&7GE

$A1[%]4/M@$_)*IH37:=_BGV7REK6@W=7H`AXRNK
M7N^I*B%0H)F%\-4B@X$P?BS-P

M0F






-NLN/C\X.ZG!-U*E.'V0//O$&P;!AC29!!R$

P69RM?NA2\`7B3*6TV.EOXK31\:+4D.V(S!D?*VRUX2I%`(*-([?
MR4A%!0+@B6IN*@


22YABR7/60D-O@?L08
&1AH6X2S




$%``&``@````A`)$_



MCMW8!:;U









M!
`YYZH;P
9N_WVQ_@
``/__`P!02P







NPG+];5?L
M3]+(H=BN3C#^X_OFXXC6=NMKS.U6AZ_?/GY;E[L/




%
MVP

__BQ$IN--Q96
89EYSJJSP4U1+.P\BS

M\*\P(_R+GID@
`[WB3-1@4UB(*8@H2E(*,@IRF84SE84+T@.-

I(QDC


M
MPF8A(Q$C
2
)(RDC&2


Q(PDC*2
9(SLB
D3DCT:6-G%\!X'C^*[984+M.DP2F5Q7
M1_64D91B)&8D821E)&
D=PFSH.*6HOG-U60G-XWZZ^3$A80'-XU#@@@CY'9


M]U..












ME9QX618#=@PJ%:F&$259*(HQB1%8

K8RC'%%-#
(D.F[XM1@45HAW


MJ7JZVHS0ED$Q(CMNM7FSR)FM#!L:6SFBFK@5B3]WS\UO8'Q90(!_3$P
?1(Y
M$Z426[F.')+P3(T&'S+D*.(HYBCA*.4HXRCG:
;1G*


M:



KXRA'9

;_@:(F(UR&!*&#Y_GIS(ES9



M$E.ENO#.`VV9O#+B*#:V8$6Z3R
*M!N\+N3$ZQ(-Y(G=\[U[]B12`2_%S//R



*NH


M/.$OT'5'?^OXZ6\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!:+1]D)00``/
3```9


@'G0H)?@


OY\


MKQ6&5(@`V%24@





DCQV]@'XYT%!1-4%HX\F(H&.)DE02?L$62P


O9#9\A!F31Z!`$
`XD5%2O(`@:0L+)-RE:8H\@


%*IOJYG/DQ[Y!-4/
'(IPCW[
RSW

MM_D%``#__P



MJU.:U@Y$N%0[]U37U^UT6B6G-(^K27%-+W#F4)1Y7
/+\CBMKF4:[YN+\O/4

MU^N'I



C=1
MX*^)XL-M1Z:P
9`O<)MJVNLJM_;0L#;


M
1`CP(CL(YO[L$Y4GCY2@8R:$'(GV@FST4
$Y.T(MDYP#*#0IR?&X*WKGP
MNU







M


0



:N\T/V8F%MORK`W)WA


H!-V1W
M!W[?#:UG9&&%!F*+6









M]T%U*E[]

M94RF=^9T-(/HP5-6U5Y.%(W!_J6JB\N_-
9LE:C&N-6`SU9C/.W-
&DSP?+
MP,OL*0=$F[K)\\V'5OSA4DJVY
14IN
\-EFG-W-S=%R
N_/-VOSS7F^\4?J

UG7D2YL1.J4O!^L[L^N\
MV4=





MX*K`4X&O@D`%H0HB%6Q5$*M@IX)$`)*9

9??6-
84





!S=79



M/`:!^=Q[K.]BV$AT
'(Q\C#R

8HQVF&4


4H


(

M:XS7YA&4?8PI(QL0LJ1)/;1&XHHDWO##-ZH9&&&47RX6PZDL]+&W@SULPV
MF'1\3*%QX&BCU&.'VT:UQPYKJ93E



M2QMNIAINCFQR9\(IR0*:IDM8@TMKK4L;2-EH4V#AMEUM;\!R!DZSV'-MLG

T''P)M4K1`L:(KHCMPB8W5JRU




M$K8[K-S76J)GYEI'EFW%L2R'I+/TVP]8))($_JRLDJ/[HN7S$029`
@DF
RL












EMV]YX(2`PD`9(R8#D0`H@)9`*2`VD`=(V0#9
1_P


MBO1N&AF/KJ50T@GQ-))VNIED0/*N5JA:+82+3H@5E:$B83A:*@C#]1B(DE*V


%6LAV:M'$+.5GB1Q1
=A2R16.M22M:C*=


M%GEA
*GP
8S.0-0\4F,F*H6$3S&(^+R&R5ZZ$*$&I%%&&



(!DO;]O3H<=3.CME%#AKJI\,14Z(:A_W:.*$S)3424TF:KY-C517
M#&7=2VQ/8JSU);#:JM.[4#;=2?$;3=`6B;C@RHWG9K'H'9!\2Z62S8_.&



D0Y

=


M6D0;CP;4;UG*6V*':



48(H190ARA$5B$I$%:(:48.H
M1;1!M$6T0[072'J.KH\=V(4&7'E'HN(1/1L3PC%:`848(H190ARA$5B$I$




MHMI7#-6K9T^-EV+UK=`E_6&V)?0(








M6T0[1'N!I_T[D1P5..$6WCPGPDP`RD8-
(48PH090BRA#EB`I$):(*48VH


H

8RXBK.Z%%<C-WI?9GHIF3.A&=G11?;.(J4G1X(TU7ZN:8
MLGJJ[TT)+U&P5!BBT&+A6SSL(E[J3^26K$8T%NPF2@.;'&

IR8

-S+GT]4B\-'`K6

M%#==J?0WFG=2?J@`2E`J190ARA$5B$I$%:(:48.H1;1!M$6T0[072+K'9%5O





M)US1[3DNZ7/Y
B5+68*&^''5&4L-=B#W4MR!@I'MP&0&HZ%DB6
=$`9?Z)QP


O%W8+#7
]A@%VUR(8D0)
MHA11ABA'5`J$56(:D0-HA;1!M$6T0[17B#I%I/KAFXY,41L:BQ\89%?R$8+
M36(@9`42`8D!U(`*4
B+G7YMISW(XG:X?,_:!;AL_T.Y1DQ)K'SA_$#LI







4
^T%\@N'%2M#3T4BJ\(B_#
M@1

M6D+W!-/0\!UR9?
=X2F+Z!4`MF[DI`(4(TH0I8@R1#FB`E&)J$)4(VH0M8@V

MJ$'4B3M9Y*N-]C/YFC?A;1L5EOOP[YNP3DP/'*29%E_=(7/H7GI5A]RLBW

GO4&CQEQ


Q+J
MYVIWJO%2K+YEU&-XDX1UAB?%P1W@_`.


R0$G
MYGK

MO+&

M`-/6&5'?Z`QA7QWJVZBW;R/JF]VH4MH^32;K3_1AR!YM5&)^IJ*OA/I&/YK0


M)TW646\)G2Y9)[TE='QD;1Z+8]_H%

M@A)7N^^?7HT!\U,:P5.


#.E`\



QGUG
AR9(.\]



M!Y$.%CI8ZFE@[4.-CJ(=;#5P4XBC-AFR!GCF#WM9^#?&V25C
#UK98F_9H


S`]0+=&]/;&V?SZFHT]M(KR-2(A(A
X53-2U4[DSYI0X$\7-^@D@1+Q9@$B(2(3(`I$E(BM$UHAL$(D1
MV2*RDXGB0[CG%1_2JZM/LH-N=Y*&JCLI<5QQOOJ(!(B$B$2(+!!9(K)9(W(
M!I$8D2TB.YDHOH.%H_BNVV%$K3J
$GO4.`R1`)$0D0B1!2)+1%:(K!'9(!(C



DH




)H@=$2HQ5&:XPV&
48;3':*4C=

:34#[:M'2A^HVJ\36U!0XYK(HP6FTQ&B%
MT1JC#48Q1EN
=@I2O4TJ-=W;IG-'




\
M
_2$W
MXDWNBZB<3L)$]?3^KOK<(D:T0%-DPT9K-IM%6P^:W@KV



$%``&``@````A`)







M_.
-%WAM$WSH+^G=Z]V'=\]//R]H$*++?/EQ9X:TQ=[8XIYB?8]]YUC7H3YC

M4H-*@UJ#1H-6@TZ#/@#7%-HQOI0
?T=\C1D37X[
+0
?\*4
=\(2K))JD&F0
M:U!H4&I0:5!KT&C0:M!IT`=`!)/ZR=\13&/F_24E^YBLT6HCHW=K919A1F^E


M

M'$@!I`12`:F!-$!:(!V0/B0B=C25BMC-!\Q(RX!98JLULSA
-$@UR#3(-2@T

@8F3*%1$DNQP?$NSUZ\/][[=/-%K16G

MW%B1P1L
O[\

H=C<6M*26J.<)CTR

MQNAOHDA'?Y1BC[DSOUF.)U%XY&V!QY*EI

ML/-2;+YWR(90MINI%;#=SNTQMN(0K6:1:#5`J:GZJ6VI@YB:=WFS4+'*O`!?

;+D79F0#F`(B;()H8GV

D






M.)%1S/F2[15(:J]+3;?(&I1L4/4T4995.5G1%E6\2)ON%0D'316G7\A-K`
M=(TH7*-``J=.RJ^G





)%


3`%Y(F.

J$)6(*D0UH@91BZA#U`LDXV?*W3!^OS80


M2MT(2UV'UGXG(_'(#ZZPA$Y9*IS/HU@5[IF7&CL\(^^Q0%0RDN95&5AY*39?
M

MV973Q/




M756_R=E\V/H3[0KF2U;T7:ER2'G4.R2L..NQ82EOOD7437M46=FSXC&/LEUU

MCY7W.*Q
Y!W5FA6$)[T+U[4-]LR\O5OY]!&Y*S^!63O%8-KSS*]C2%=SC^

M/9I6OKE2`U'-*L)7$'5[7X:EPGX+5]=Y7[X%HYU:F/1L2W@


M=8AZ1O95`.&/;FD?X6_H.H



M.G43S/%N'AZE.
II#A#E

^P4.B92T

).5DSJ1AJ
4QR)C






^I7M

M



(V&A^1[II.9[I!

C

M:5XM4W
^B6/3HUU-LBV_R5ZRHN\&%4M)CVJ%4;/B



M]!-V.0N(S
&8COY]3

RI\?%CWY)5&Z.SV7IZ-9'5/NHE`_]JJ;ZJ`\92`KW









M(-_8JBTE8,8*ETQX






]GG%





_=5?^4:O36^=

S((_G+9/C(E&7(V)



MP1(
V+I\WSDI&J1'J8GFG)+99J5H@?EAQTS_:7LG'U1QSSNJVIV3
J)Z7T

M7N\^O'L\/'\Y)(=OWUXN[I_^^$Z1I7N?`;YX/GQ^?_EQ%^\_DG'*N%'!'J&E

M]AU]*6#J2$1'IG3HRP+4GE-'DN5J;[[+A=;HTUQ[\Y4M/$(?VJ*LF3IR2WYN

MFSJ2+F[H#*8&FULZ@]LC9[#8)Y-'4M+))J\TI2O-)G5RTLDGCQ1TI)@\4M*1

^
M_+\`````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`ZTSBY(``!
!@``&0```'AL+W=O



XOY5-NB%:R-4F^$DBC'B
M+5.%:*L




M6%\BTKLA)+^$S&8]9&`C'=JX+M^!
PPEZM
WC8^\/E^K@(%..F+ZFSUB_5]$

MD3_H#E

M_P








4U%;V;

MOPR^?\SUR5V-EGNCYL


MVD2#5(-
@UR#0H-2@TJ#6H-&@U:#+@`W9-K!ON0!_P[[&C7&OFR9'0-O\+DR
M)DMPE42#5(-

MMN:2=^%&8-30U8Z:&:R]CI0I=U9HTMJ#R&!M(F0#$@.I`!2`JF`U$`:(V0


P;BE][\5L4ZB1.B]3^LS\527:'308C79S;H9I(#

MG6AX8`DED11'S#.;V=+N8&E0SF/(@,=.9!BJ&74-*J;3.4L]8JU%L8W(`
M89P1(U!VQ5;HQ:49'-J0^0=/B);*76(GM:2M:Y!I_)2W/
4488H1U0@*A%5
M`DG+F(#W_(5EDB/E(`Y%9/QAS-%2A0JQDZ*=QDN-6
:JEU)ZXE/6==?[VVPQ
M7ZG6


G]VB+ET6I)QZ[B*8^VNDC*
MV]TB\C+OL1$:WU4,#38/3.&,#^H+WR]NL71(M1AI[S[1HC2^;A#XY^(%VQ\


MOF*)J&(TXKDF%4#S7'P
`K9:Y);AT/RR$S?HXB]U&!M1FB


MZ`#AK//`N=&B7-PB
46`$E?Q^)F@%^#!9`X%FG-$A:]XY%S0[#FM74B!I?


M3@52)R43UI4ZCLE8UW2*S%(^Q2L\\ELAYB.^$\;9E_I

MCR::;WWS7BK2.U['ND0G@F




MLVF1.TY=KI7BC!4+WPU&:X^X6
HOH(+1?
BC2X=6U.3@&(N%B@\J7]%+@?O4
M+.5;;!CY%MNS6NQ\Q?$6Y8R.Y^1]HG+^:=)\R



V%(2EB*57@K'I9R=TWQC@P+AL-&LM9RF=4!:/)]DLG)<,NN$G#ND0G
M]$*N6<IWHF$TV8F6I:P1YM%:!9H=XCV@\4M%QQ)B06GD[SS3H$71HUR#XO$
M0AQ0



7ZL21FB#%&.J$!4
M(JH0U8@:1VB3B#IY_HP8SJT7^IA4/RV'BE[SAY*6]2JXLJ,DI1*D.4(RH0
ME8@J1#6B!E&+J!-(FE0?3P1;QPGKXDG%PJ+PV!A1@BA%E'*$16(2D05HAI1

(J0M4PV7[/4I$&:42G=HU;V:*Y[U+&68ST2
EG*9\\





M82FOOD74



2MX[7DBN&OMI=C*:(4488H1U0@*A%5



X3)'
M%+O(HDUXC!&M];UQE@H=;
1UK*Z[4I:J^/']Q=F9.2NC8^Y99FNRB-0\
VZ*$64(<H1%8A*1!6B
M&E&#J$7422-?UEH9H[KELY%%S98T0)HA11ABA'5`J$56(:D0-HA91)YT
TGXZ%@Q5U?J*\PA#9(6%6



M'T
A2AEB#)$.:(48FH0E0C:AUB#J!IE-G'Z!=]JP7GBG1?1D*OM=O`:4


G!SB.X7N+'K6V).X
0SU%YJF$2'Z)C;:%[IWUUD

I35F^W@
6M?D`O8X'SYM6$3^&\VFO.Q6'SQH9A-.%^
MT&O]9J.=DYH
F[T


MK.%J



.9HHP
CEI*647M?

M'PJ^^9*EW'L*Z1U
ZE






F+

_#RV]]6/7Q
M7P(```#__P
Z5
M^3[*+QFX#7DB&7@NBE<2&NP)@L8CU-IM,O!7.=AGA^3M5/]=O/M9_G*L(=TS
MN-R8];^IYU5*3@*
D-C1I32X@0#@'\'YYQ


ZJVLV)I#9(WZJZ./]'@_16BHH8K0C\[1&YT7#2-ISRAN9PKH^7DSET
M?J
=7&U&#7_;#HW;(S3;!C#MVP;W=;1LV\'?^SK2(8/4T
Z
^[K2F1GD/W=V

8FT8T!WQB?32O8$(1



M%00JV*H@5$&D@IT*8@&
P%KN+TR&W^$OD2'^
F?6#'2&&XJ9+((UL57@J
!5

XG



(R66




M;Y0ZIH!%M6

(8NZ.::H-TH=TXY%
9^F\ZGL9
PB/AJ3/(-(
MR24NL^HS_*VX?O0
PRL.]A#KM'*#`RJ;M.L6S9H7

VCONG0C0S:+&K*M1R

M)]A&IWFHN]'.Y\H3O&ZC;M8

(HQU&L83D


MC$*
(HQV&
42DBTEQ9IHJ;#`?.(N+?
D=RD2RP;RNHU8V542-D8.1BY&'D8^
M1@%&6XQC*


&3\_&!P&ZCIG?792ZK3IME&DT
MQP]CHO3E,I7[-E6(X@;`(#^Y?Q*MY(FB*9R\^9C-B7+XV,'D29UG]Q_&]7E




M'EG_^=!WP/'N^?P*OXWO1I.!8X&\]VU[.OL[8;+?V_P\G0_[_]0BJS%5&QDV

'U1]
MY0]^WA;HK&D(/V\+U(*
5BXMZ
+6YQ6A6C8VA%_:AE?UJ@7)K'W*K%[9KQ:F

YK7A8D*M;D8OAWM?5W\UF!;K\_KQR_'P

//2A2&#(G&`R^/4XF4R^


ML;H#::I*YJVD30HC'B
^(TM&`D91E:,1(S$C2
I(QDC.2

Q(
MPDC*2

M\71$9K56A(E;

2
)(RDC&2
Y(P4C)1=HG0\


M%



MBWF

4\YM*65(UG`]5C(55HOI3F`:G%(YYB

[$6)74&0?GAQ:




MHJ8'G



/_^;`-C-8A_C

W/&

466W:




8RQM214_


)U*%YE-N
M*^
HEPT-Y@NI0O.E8DM-M]CB[J;[DWF[WA'O/J'!FE2DFIRLD)$];U1BYZO-


M



MC`'$4H4!)(CJ`&Q[.B%#($6%
8`

MW5)R0DY*KD&=28B?K

M467T'T@5^@\1U?ZG#OV3C!4*C/XC5!G]QU*%_I
&P?I(;*$Z0[*SGV(3H_L

\8
5NQ;!A^'E

M(AI)0B.A?P22FB/)=$YH)+E.1,I:0CLCU;7HQ$+4JQIWQ#40HY^3RMD3(%
M\H
7A-(H!/1<$(
MISE84==0*W


I5QQ:\#;PA3]?=?P)&NA\/$'G:O4.




M_P






*.@YK+?


M'X?C[N5_4L@33K5*^DH)_-1*O.&U_P$=`Z4#?BH=WN5D-!KZDW%W1X9*?Q4
M2OKZ9APW`!::68?:MSX$OUW#//5L'$[[!


MS`#C9'5


MQZ
O5S^A\*R5S#V7\6R)&4J(TB#4SBD(*`@I6%`041!3D%04I!1D%-04+D
MH*2@HJ`VP!6$IXT1/'_1(R$&A$CG-U[!#IH?1(0E,`A
M\'LIXYD/TL06F;4B;5`81@)&5DP$C$2,Y(PDC*2,9(S4CR9*1DI&*D-HD5

6BO21HV1@)&0D04C$2
Q(PDC
M*2
9(SDC!2-+1DI&*D9JDUA1@P!947





MJ.`#EQR5?&#%46T-M*
FSKUFU$Y$!WKG;7CD
=D*CT1C6(CUQ`](59B)%BM
MO&B7ME*L@
VU%(8GXCD:*&10WVDI5!]S%'4:J10WVFI5!]SE'!T9*CDJ.*


M#
A^9ME:PHPL6Z*U]JGM2ML6'?C^-2FCM6W5N#\[!T63X`
Y*







.N4




MC1SJ





MHT+K0O5+CDH^L.*HM@;:010-.G
O\[EB(=M\UF9:(6
MX.V8OA)Z9PV24O!

M=?$E1U_LU8LLG87M#U^]VC!A*I9=C%=H7+5C6(NLMNT:
;%S5#1?73G:L1TC


5&^@D$LM.JF/^

MJ


ZXK
MYZC0NE#]DJ.2#ZPXJJV!]A9(=/C


M3I_23CYEJ
OI4XZZK
6



+PN.16O5/$K\(KD
!MX7?GZ
M$AZ7Q]WNB+\(`^UWZMW]'P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`M)

M?!];#UMVC2#6%))`^PB\7

I[^Q***



JFA\WN.-8:5J?WZ&B?GG;;IFBW7P[-



M



M.1YMOW3G]O`_+10;55K)SB!7Z-D-EG.Y[-LN0`E%P;T_[M\&L&QO/)(HYN
MTBL#
S
0?LW`9#)+YHME/^T+;UR8@?!KWQB];R1D3#]7^#4CTV@2SZ(
'27?
M.-6.[N-6;

MQ'#4@H;;*:\M\)Y(`BNMA!U2A*`
@0I!%8*:`&8E)-(O]JN1M#/KGPSN:!
M66LM$]

OL!^UP%8$;W$.6&09MVZMA2XZ




')HY-W-=XMG







MS3-H22MZ%@7E.;=2-*^RV'?@?&Y8ZX.Y87G[X`$;TU-/UJ_V119LO6LCA;N#



?


M(S_MF'PAX;[#5HOX[LIR


MI/TN71N]_9NX.[!I(^'^N50QG1]=!1JQ?59^2DVU%+9)WAZ9*D:77]*E':B_
M)J=S7RV-A\P06'AO*ZZL%M^OUP;AUV@W





MH+[
M



9P+7@
MAZ$1:W!-WY
$\FMTS
!)=].I+8B
MA1G`YX2A)PD\Z9T\==Z'J]*OF^?FWYO3\^[8C?;-$Z2:+N\G?=G:U'KS%ZQ/

$%``&

CV
M1_W[_?!P?;X;.XO)?#ES+!`??=E?KM%!F!R/=M\NU]/Q?U+(4J:D$5L9@=\.

MPJ]27-RDMU1Z

M8'((*_?S-T8H@[E?X&)_??GY=+Z-/T;)N-.R:RY#)$(4$+,/&%V0T%(041!
M3$%04I!1D%.04%!24'5`E
(;1-?J(G?$5]A1L07([-&H`-NF^$.4`)5-A2$
M%$04Q!0D%*049!3D%!04E!14+6`$$^;)[PBF
'


&
(]


;!@)&8D8B1E)&$D9R1C)&2D8*1FIVL0(

FI



M&G2JZ)2B3I4HI9RRO
6*1*ID3ZGS&H1^ZC;EU6Q]R9342$7EH`F,0N:O@E

XK\OK$:.=00<2+84.I(BD`]Y\1<\M
M0XE!!W*4&G2@T%+H0(E(.@`=3X^L/15*]#E@9ESL.ML9_Z7KL.B;T4*0R)S]



M4$J;+SFJ$


*



HYRC@J.2



MN3+

#=T@7@W#13-G2%[#*:ET/50H84MF[7S
M6D$1:C3OE5SEJ2#':.4?50/-Q


9%J=

M%5KH&]I
*R3_(VD5XF2V2D1F*^F`!K:2@DG;;'_XHQ4MI=

!'J

^3L%1:0YMSR;D(ENA3M]@9EKI
MUO6=19CO5VV)R&PE$0A0ZIW9JFSI


PTTAW^.VEL-O)XZFM;(G-VSNDS
)1Z9W8J






M6MM@J&/L-0S0Y=.]Z]_#
Q_N[-KUX;

M1\+.4&UL%XYTC0]]0U\TK+@'T#[T1=^*'X$NHB]ZA%U'7#C2I0
-1%^TKSIT

!``!``@``$0`(`61O8U!R

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````G)%=3\


M%=J!1S-V?E8*2T7KX-&U%EQ0X)-(
$^&X%Z$/@W\0A@O??//V=?````__\#`%!+
M`P04``8`````$`'N;B-N$%``B%@``$``(`61O8U!R;W!S+V%P<YX;6P@
MH@0!**```0``````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````````````````<6%N3FS84
M?N]
_\..WQ-[D[1-
ZPS

1O
M7

W'T=7E4R*+
E%


MQP


M%RMLWXM\ES@HQ@Z=(1=Y-J;1`N

A$$[[KX7O.CB
*/ZRZB*G
MY68H@LP&)0'V(A03WZ

MQ1X.;^_@U39Z`B\#U[_#F
81XIB$NDRTD'$YR(K5<N7JPO7C!0ZU


A+2%JUM)?
M()<4U3LCM;.JHG%R#^VY0ZQ57'WC:KI$SPOGCZYWAJB1L*]Q6&&F!.XCU<K
MC_M$^]/9'
_^?#9C^A/:C.G/:#.F/Z7-F)E`B8_EM%(31N#A,Q9VUKIO3D%
M^+;@,/_!Y$-1FHHC3`S%E@8!C/.+L%\N$#/;Q=@ZLGJ:0Y[F66B7GO^N$#/




S?B?HRY+T=2I-]V(L_@?$_Q/\?G



1V^A@[%H0O:2;6C#C_Q#*Y+*MU^((S&&*K.7.GTHKQX.BP4K-RJ
MXWG:
6SM#[EX9(S.6

2PD&
MAD9(R0OF2H538G:.]A;H$C`

4'RAGM74-





M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!7?54]+0
``
D)```9````````````````
M`



MH`



M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#/^#M5BP(``%D&```9`````````````````&50



M970V
RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`V'V2E$(#``#!P``&0``````````

M````(0`7;







M:&5E='




M+W-H965T
3`T+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`1\@!VEP0``(\4```:````




P(``-`%```:`````````````````/-:`0!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H
M965T







M````````````8W







M=#DW+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#XQRG&T00```@5```8````````````

2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8````


M%``&``@````A`
HA\*H*'```&YX``!D`````````````````Q8T!`'AL+W=O


BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`C$=JNT'``!1

M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(052_`LI0(``.H&```9`````````````````JR

```&0``````````
M``````#






M:&5E=#(V+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!EY5J#.R
``![
```9````````


```



&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#<N




M='


+3A\``/Q```9`````````````````#_@`@!X;]W




M'K!]5@P``)





M``````&0````````````````!@
`


M`-A

O

M```````````S.0

M!@`(````(0`V



M(P``&0``````````````````8`



3J8$8(``!')0``&0``````````

M971S+W-H965T
S

XN2`@``3`8``!D`


M+0`4``8`````$`P@-E:TP9``!&B@``&0`````````````````[M0



SDN





!``!``@``


O

 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsAndWorkInProcessNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationCashReceivedFromExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredFinancingCostsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfNonvestedStockOptionActivityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyAccrualAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesPaidValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyRelatedReceivableCarryingValueReceipts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfActuarialGainLossInProjectedBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeInAssumedPayIncreasesImpactingActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeInDiscountRateImpactingActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeInBonusAssumptionImpactingActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanOtherChanges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_CompensationRelatedCostsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiabilityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantedAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionExercisedIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeitedAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DistributionChannelAndProductTypeSalesMixTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumAmountOfSharesToAnyIndividualAnnually'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumAmountOfSharesThatMayBeOptionsOrRestrictedStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_CommonSharesAuthorizedForIssuanceToKeyEmployeesAndDirectors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantedExercisablePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_EquityIncentivePlanTerminatedDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedStockVolatilityTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingNumberVested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_StockAppreciationRightsGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardExpectedTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfActuarialGainLossInProjectedBenefitObligationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AssumptionsToCalculateNetPeriodicCostsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrentClassificationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAmortizationNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalizedLeasesNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefitsNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxAssetsOtherNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_GrossRentalIncomeAndExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RentalIncomeNonoperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AmountOfFinalPrincipalPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AmountOfFinalPrincipalPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescriptionOfVariableRateBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'


@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S
M8V0R9&(R-#EF







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]

T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T]-
3PO



O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E



M3TQ)1$%4141?4U1!5$5-14Y44U]/1E]#05


M1E]#05

M

\+W@Z3F%M93X-



3









\+W@Z




M.DYA;64^4D5425)%345.5%]03$%./]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^5%)!3E-!
M0U1)3TY37U=)5$A?4D5
051%1%]005)4/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^5D%
M54%424].7T%.1%]154%
249924Y'7T%#0T]5/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z



&-E;%=O

M4TE'3DE&24-!3E1?04-#3U5.5$E.1U]03TQ)0TE%
&-E

M3D=?4$]



M3F%M93Y)3E9%3E1/4DE%4U]486)L97



\+W@Z


3TY'5$5235]$

#I7;W)K
M<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T
S




S4N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

04Y37U1A

#I7;W)K<VAE
M9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T


M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^5%)!3E-!
M0U1)3TY37U=)5$A?4D5
051%1%]005)4

M3%E?1$%405]5

#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE
M970T






T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


O4VAE970T-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-



M8V%N=%]!8V-O=6YT:6YG7U!O;&EC:64U/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R









M968]

O4VAE
M970U


M;G1I;F=?4&]L:6-I93$P/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U







M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M-C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC

M965T-C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z








M97-?

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX






M($A2968]






T0B5V]R:W-H
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-
MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4W1O8VM87-E


N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K












M86Y?07-S=6UP=&EO;G-?=&\Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*


MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4F5T:7)E;65N
M=%]0;&%N7T-O;7!O;F5N='-?;V9?

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E




O4VAE970Y-BYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS







M968]

O4VAE
M970Q
#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z

#I.
M86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E
M='
O4VAE970Q


O4VAE970Q

3`U+FAT

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F

O4VAE970Q

M=&5C=%=I;F1O=W


MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S
M9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF


T0G




T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(V

M
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G
M+B`Q-2P@

M=&EN9R!R:6=H='


]




M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG




T1T;W`^06UE;F1M96YT($9L

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*=6X@



]


]
T1T



]



]




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M

]
M
T1T97AT/B=304Y&24Q)4%!/($I/2$X@0B`F(%-/3B!)3D



]
T1R


#`X.#`Q




]

]




]







]



]
T1P

]




T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($9I;&5R
M($-A=&5G;W)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG06-C



]



]

]





;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R
M9&(R-#EF



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO





]



]




T1T;W`^
M06-C;W5N='


]
T1N=6UP/C4U+#@P


T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97
\+W1D/@T*




]

]
T1N







]


C
L



]




]

3`R


]



T1T;W`^1G5R;FET


]
T1N=6UP/C0L




]
T1N=6UP/C(L

M;7`^
2PR








]
T1N=6UP/C$W
BPY




]







T1T;W`^5$]404P@4%)/4$52
M5%DL(%!
04Y4($%.1!%455)4$U%3E0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C$S






]

G

]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@





T1T;W`^5$]404P@05-31513/]T9#X-B`@



]



]


M1&YU;7`^


@;V8@;&]N9RUT97)M



]


C
R(&%N9`D,CDP+!R

]
T1N



]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F]O:R!O=F5R9')A9G0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]






]

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5$]404P@
M0U524D5.5!

M1&YU;7`^
3$R+#(S



]
T1T


3$L.3$V(&%N


]
T1N=6UP/C


]

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
S8R/'-P

]



]
T1N=6UP/C$U.2PT

M=&]P/D-/34U)5$U%3E13($%.1!#3TY424Y'14Y#2453/]T9#X-B`@(`@



T1T





]
T1N



]
T1N=6UP/C$Q
RPT








M5$%
(%-43T-+2$]



C$U+#



($Q)04))3$E42453



@02!#;VUM;VX@



]




]

]
M



M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:RP@;F]N+6-U;75L871I=F4@=F]T






]




]

]




M8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF

M;G1E;G0]


M+B`R-BP@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


L
C$P/'-P


M

]
M


@;V8@;&]N9RUT97)M









]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]





T1T;W`^










T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N


]


]

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97,@:7-S=65D/]T

M

M930U





]

T1)1#!%
M




]
T1T



]




]









]



]

C4X



M1&YU;7`^-#4L









]

\+W1D

]

T




]


]
T1N=6UP/C
R+#DW



]


2PQ
S8L

]
T1N=6UP/C0L







R




T1T;W`^26YC;VUE(&)E
M9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97


]
T1N=6UP/C





]
M






]




]








T1T;W`^3W1H97(@



]
M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38L
#







]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!D:79I9&5N9'
@9&5C;&%R


]
M



]
M
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#`S
RPS





T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT


2PQ
S(L

3`L.3DR+#DY



3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D8E]A834X7S-C9#)D8C(T.68Q-PT*



]

M:60]


^

M1'1H/DIU;BX@
C8L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-RP@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*















]

M2$]





]
T1T

]


]
T1R8SX-B`@(`@

C`Q

M.#



]


BPV



RPR-#(I/'-P86X^


#$Q/]T9#X-B`@


]




]

M





]


M=&EO;BP@;F5T(&]F(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


]



]





M86QI9VX]


]



]


]
M


#`L




]







C@L(#(P
3(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]




#$R



]
M




]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S




]


PX.#DI/'-P86X^/]S

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

3`L.#@Y



]
M






]


]



]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L



]


]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C$U-RPW
#0\






]




]
T1R8SX-

M;7`^
C$U+#

]
T1N=6T^*#
L



T1T;W`^0F%L


3






]
T1T97AT





]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!D:79I9&5N9'



]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C4S-#QS


]


M/3-$;G5M/B@X-S




]
T1N=6T^*#@W





]
T1T97AT




]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!*=6XN(#(V

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


RPU
#






]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P






]

M3E13($]&(%-43T-+2$]




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R.P@
C`Q


]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@






X






M(#$L
#


M=%\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

241!5$5$
M(%-4051%345.5%
@3T8@0T%32!&3$]74R`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN(%1H;W5S


SXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]



]


M-RPQ








L(&YE=#PO


]
T1N=6UP/C$V/'-P





T1T;W`^4W1O8VLM8F%S



@86-Q=6ER960Z

]





T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97
\+W1D

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
BPS
C(I/'-P



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
3
V/'-P86X^



T1T
M;W`^06-C;W5N='



\+W1D/@T*

]






]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L



M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q









]



]








]



]

]





M:6X@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97


]
T1N=6T^*#8L



M3U=3($923TT@1DE.04Y#24Y'($%#5$E6251)15



]

@=6YD


]
T1N=6UP/C
Q

]
T1R

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R.38L
C







]






M;3XH


]

\



T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N
M=!O9B!C;VYT:6YG96YT(&-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


2PW







T1T;W`^5&%X(&)E;F5F:70@;V8@97%U:71Y


]



]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3D54($E.0U)%05-%(A$14-214%312D@24X@0T%3


M




R



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:P@96YD(&]F


M9VX]

@;V8@






]
T1R

CDR+`D,30L
M(&%N9`D-38U+!R97-P96-T:79E;'D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30L


F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
M
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S)F930U
3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D8E]A834X7S-C9#)D8C(T.68Q-R]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$580D%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S




]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(V+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@


3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@




]


CQS

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y9C$W#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)F930U
3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D8E]A

3`N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$




]


@6T%B


M
T1T;W`^4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4SPO=&0^#0H@

M9V(H

M24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@

M(#QB/DY/5$4@
2`F(W@R








M1D].5#H@

3$
L($I4U,@5F5N='5R97,L($Q,0R!A;F0-B!3








M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L
PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@




L(&$@9&EV97)S




@86YD(&)R

@87)E('-O;&0@=&AR;W5G:`T*('1H


M8G5Y97)S(&]F(&YU='





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U3



M97






3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M='

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2

M.R!&3TY4.B`Q

@



M86-C;W5N='

M:7-C;W5N='

N(%1H92!A;&QO=V%N
M8V4@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L#0H@86-C;W5N='
@:7



@










T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@

M3TY4.B`Q


L










M=7

M:6-A;G0@:6YV96YT;W)I97
@;V8@8G5L:RUS=&]R960@:6YS:&5L;`T*('!E






T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@

M3TY4.B`Q










3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M:#H@







M1D].5#H@


M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S


T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[




M.B!R9V(H


C`Q
SPO8CX\+W1D/@T*


#LR.PF(WA!,#LR,#$R
M/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,RPV-#@\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$T+#`V,CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M




M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H









'!X
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M

M

T1C96YT97(@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$




7!T('-O;&ED.R!724142#H@-#8N

M(')G8B@P+#`L

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!=6EL9&EN9W
\+W`^#0H@

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[


M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@



M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1N;W=R87`^


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M4F]M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M#0H@5F5H:6-L97
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4



M

M5$]0.B`Q.'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@




3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L




M(&-H86YG97




3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L


M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H







@;V-C









M9B!T:&4@87-S970@:7

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T
M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@

M



M9V(H

M24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L







M+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-0

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




M92UW:61T:#H@

T0P

M/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


#LR-BPF
M(WA!
#LR
#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M9V(H

C@L)B-X03`[
C`Q
CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT

@

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT-#(\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\<!S




M9V(H







M('1H92!B86QA;F-E('-H965T+B!4:&4@=F%L=64@87-S:6=N960@=&\@=&AE
#(P



T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3

M+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q








M92UW:61T:#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0V-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/EEE
M87(F(WA!
#ME;F1E9#PO8CX\8G(@+SX-B`\8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[,C8L)B-X
M03`[,C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


7!T('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

3(\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M;&4]

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C$L-CDW/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#8W
3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

2PT

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,BPW.3@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X



M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L



PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q,G!T(=4




M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-



M


T0G1D].

M(#
P+`R,#$V/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1D].

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




M

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4U.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG
M/@T*(%1H97)E869T97(\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L



'!X.R!#

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M


L($Q
0R!A8W%U:7)E


4

40[*2!F;W(@;W5R

M;65N=`H=&AE#0H@)B-X,C`Q0SM!9W)E96UE;G0F(W@R,#%$.RD@=VET:!T

C`Q0SM#:71Y)B-X
C`Q1#LI

C`Q
RP@2D)34PT*

L($Q


@86YD
M(&]B;&EG871I;VYS('5N9&5R(&$-B!D979E;&]P;65N=!A9W)E96UE;G0@

M=&AE#0H@)B-X


M86QU92!O9@T*(0V+#$W-2!A=!*=6YE)B-X03`[

3
N(%1H97-E








M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@
M1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P




C`Q1#L@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D#0H@2G5N928C



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M92!O9B!&:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='



C`Q0SM&



M=F%B;&4@86YD('5N;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='




M4TE:13H@



M1#$P
4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^

M

M/3-$

M

M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




CX\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T




#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M='


T1N;W=R87`^3&5V96PF(WA!
#LS
M+3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&



T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3

M+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q


M86)L92!A;F0@86-C;W5N='



M4F]M86XG.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




@)B-X
C`Q












M:#H@

M3U)$15(M0T]


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=VED=&@]
T0W
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-BPF(WA!
#LR
#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G0D]21$52


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS.2PP
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C0R+#
U-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*
M($9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0Z/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

L
#DQ/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


G!T.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET



B!O8G-E




N($EN(&%D





M.B!R9V(H



@=')A


@86YD(&-O;&QE8W1I;VX@
M:7

M('5N9&5R('-O;64@87)R86YG96UE;G1S('=H:6-H(&EN8VQU9&4@8W5S=&]M




L('1O(&-O;G-U;65R#0H@8W5S


N(%)E=F5N=65S(&%R



M92!R969L96-T960@87


M

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M:61T:#H@

















N(%=E(&%R92!S=6)J96-T('1O(&-O;F-E;G1R871I;VYS(&]F(&-R




M8V@@97AC965D960@


3`E



@=V5R92`U-24@86YD(#0Y
M)2!O9B!N970@86-C;W5N='

#LR
M-BP@


M0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3AP=#L@3$545$52+5-004-)




M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L
PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@-G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@



M961U8W1I;VYS(&EN('-A;&5S+B!!;FYU86P@=F]L=6UE(')E8F%T97
@87)E

@9F]R







M(&%S(&9O;&QO=W






T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS

3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M
#LF(WA!

M
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!
#ME;F1E9#PO8CX\8G(@
M+SX-B`\8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[,C@L)B-X03`[,C`Q,CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
PS,S`\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#LF(WA!
M

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M




#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R



6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U14
M3TTZ(#!P=#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$585U44D%.4T9/4DTZ
M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@
M1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M


M





M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




M:61T:#H@

T0P('=I

M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M)B-X03`[
C`Q


M;F4F(WA!
#LR.PF(WA!,#LR,#$R/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52



M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M




M.B`Q.'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R






T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U3







MB`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0V,B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-


M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

C8L)B-X
M03`[


M(WA!
#LR-RPF(WA!
#LR
#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


M*#`L


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XX.#(\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\<!S='EL93TS






M

M;VUP96YS871I;VX@87)R86YG96UE;G1S(&EN#0H@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H





I+B!4:&4@9W)A;G0@9&%T92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F
M(%)357
@:7

M8V4@;V8@;W5R($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:R!O;B!T:&4@9&%T92!O9@T*(&=R86YT



&5S/]U/CPO<#X-



M:61T:#H@

@
M86YD#0H@;&EA8FEL:71I97

@;W(@=&%X(')E='5R
M;G


N($$@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!I











3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L










M(&EN(&9A8W1S+!C:7)C=6US=&%N8V5S+!A;F0@;F5W(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N

@=&\@8VAA;F=E('1H92!R96-O9VYI=&EO;B!A




PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q,'!T(=4:6UE

G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512




@


@9&EF9F5R96YC97
@9F]R('=H:6-H





M97







'!X)SX-



T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2

M.R!&3TY4.B`Q

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL

T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X


M




M9V(H


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M

M97

C`Q-#L@8F%S:6
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$P+#@V
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

3`L-S(V+#`P-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

T1B;W1T;VT^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T




T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/CDY+#`S-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M

T1B;W1T;VT^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$P
M
BPU



T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M97

M=71S=&%N9&EN9R`F(W@R

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XQ
2PQ
S(L
S0W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!







M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M;&4]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#-P



T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2

M.R!&3TY4.B`Q

M:6]N(&]F(&1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M4D1%4BU#3TQ



M

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\

M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E




M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M
C`Q
SPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


M
#LR.PF(WA!,#LR,#$R/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!

M13H@


M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0Q+#
W-3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X


#L\+W1D/@T*



3!P

M5#H@




M
C4N
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^

M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-RXV
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3

M+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q







M:6YE;F-E(&%S(&]T:&5R#0H@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N(%1H:7
@
M=&]P:6


F(W@R







M='



M

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M:61T:#H@



M/D-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(A4;W!I8PT*(#(R,DF(W@R
#$T.U)E




M96-L87-S:69I960@:6X@=&AE:7(@96YT:7)E='D@=&\@;F5T(&EN8V]M92P@





N(%=E(&%D;W!T

M86P@




PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q,'!T(=4

G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!
M0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



C`Q-TP.PF(WA!


@
C`U*2!A

V
M










M;W-A;'

M(&]F(&-O;7!O;F5N='




@
M87

M960@:6X@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M92UW:61T:#H@

M





M

M86YD(&%D9&5D($%30R!3=6)T;W!I8R`S-#`M-#`L/&D^)B-X03`[3W1H97(@




@5&]P:6

@

@;V8@
M=&AE(&-O9&EF:6-A=&EO;BX@56YD97(@=&AE(&YE=R!G=6ED86YC92P@86X-


@=&\@





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@

M3TY4.B`Q

#LR
#$T+3$R+`T*($-O










M:6YN:6YG(&%F=&5R#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LQ-2P@
C`Q-2X@16%R;'D@



M('EE87(@

M=&EO;G

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S
M9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF


T0G




M/3-$



]




]




M)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T.R!-05)'24XM

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M3U)$15(M0T]




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*


M(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W1D/@T*



M=6YE)B-X03`[

C`Q


M(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX.2PT

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C@P+#DR-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]



T0G


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




M

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$X
BPX




M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?
M86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

12!!
M4U-%5%



]


]
T1P

]

M3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!T)SX-B`\8CY.3U1%
M(#,@)B-X,C`Q-#L@24Y404Y'24),12!!4U-%5%,\+V(^/]P/@T*(#QP('-T

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M3E0M4TE:13H@

M97(]



T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M

T1C96YT97(^/&(^2G5N928C

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O

M;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*

\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

3`L-C`P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
PV,#`\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\

3!P



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4L-#`P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@L

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR-PP.3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR-PP


#`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

C`S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A


#L\+V9O;G0^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@T+#8X.3PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M13H@

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH.PP-3D\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(#QP



M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
M
38L



P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

#`P
#`P

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^

M
#LF(WA!

M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

P
#`P
#`@
M
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU

M96QA=&EO;G-H:7!S(&%N9!T:&4@;F]N+6-O;7!E=&4@86=R965M96YT(')E
M;&%T92!W:&]L;'D-B!T;R!T:&4@3W)C:&%R9!686QL97D@2&%R=F5S=`H
M)B-X
C`Q0SM/5D@F(W@R

@




M:6QY(&]F('1H92`\:3Y&:7-H97(\+VD^(&)R86YD(&YA;64L#0H@=VAI8V@@


M;B!F:7-C86P@
C`Q

M86UE(')E;&%T97


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-


L('=H:6-H(&ES#0H@8VQA



MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T


T1B

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

C8L)B-X03`[
C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!
#ME;F1E

#LR.PF(WA!,#LR,#$R/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R







BPV
CD\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
L
#8Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#DW
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


P
#`P
#`@

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

#`P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X


M=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M#0H@)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($IU;F4@
C4L(#(P
34\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*
M($IU;F4@
S`L(#(P
38\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M(WA!

M86XG(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L
S8Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R


M86X[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!*
M=6YE(#(X+`R
#$X/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M4F]M86XG(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T1B


'0O:'1M;#L@






]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(V+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@





M
3!P=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\8CY.3U1%
M(#0@)B-X

@3F5W(%)O




M:70@1F%C:6QI='DF(W@R

#LW
M+`R,#`X+!W90T*(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A($QO86X@06=R965M96YT('=I



40[*2X\+W`^#0H@/'`@


G!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=#L@




M26QL:6YO:7


M97)T:65S)B-X



M:`T*($%M96YD;65N=!T;R!T:&4@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y(AT:&4@)B-X
M

M960@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=&\@9F]R;2!A;F0@:6YV97-T(&EN#0H@82!W:&]L
M;'DM;W=N960@0VAI;F5S92!S=6)S:61I87)Y(&%N9!M861E('1E8VAN:6-A
M;!M;V1I9FEC871I;VYS#0H@=&\@9&5F:6YI=&EO;G



M)B-X03`[
C8L(#(P
30@86YD($IU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RP@
C`Q
RP@=&AE#0H@

M+B!4:&4@=&5R;7




@;V8@80T*('-U8F]R9&EN



@87)E(&5N=&ET;&5D

@;W(@=7!O;B!T:&4@

@8GD@=7
@





@;V8@2G5N928C

M:6QI='D@87
@82!R97-U;'0@;V8-B`D-PU





3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D8E]A834X






]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

C8L(#(P


]
T1T97AT







M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP
M*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M-G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X




M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M4BU#3TQ



'!X

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-S8E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*



7!T('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^

30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3XF(WA!

M86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RP\8G(@+SX-
MB`R,#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@


4
[5')A;F-H92!!)B-X

M('!R:6YC:7!A;!I;G-T86QL;65N=',@;V8@)#(P,!P;'5S#0H@:6YT97)E

R4F(WA!

#(S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C(Q+#0P
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

C

M
#LF(WA!

M13H@

4


@;V8@)#4P('!L=7


C`R
R!W:71H

T1B;W1T;VT^


M
#LF(WA!

M13H@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
BPR-C0\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

3(L-3@U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L






T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

SDL
#$U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!

M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

M

M3$5&5#H@



#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,RPS-#D\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\


M9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
M



#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]2




M4F]M86XG.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




#LQ+`R,#$X
M(AT:&4-B`F(W@R,#%#.U1R86YC:&4@02!297-E=!$871E)B-X
C`Q1#LI


M('1H97)E869T97(@*&5A8V@L(&$@)B-X

MB!$871E)B-X,C`Q1#LI+!T:&4F(WA!
#M-;W)T9V%G92!
96YD97(F(WA!
M

@9F]R(&5A8V@@;V8@

#MD










3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L








24)/4B!P;'5S(#
N-S4E)B-X03`[


M871E.PT*('!R;W9I9&5D+!H;W=E=F5R+!T:&%T('1H92!-;W)T9V%G92!









M


@=6YD97(@
















@

M(WA!
#LR-BP@




G!T.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET

#`V

P


@:&%S(&$@=&5N+7EE87(@=&5R;2!A






M=&%I;B!C:7)C=6US=&%N8V5S*2!O9B!T:&4@=&AE;@T*(&9A:7(@;6%R:V5T

M=7)C:&%S90T*('!R:6-E+B!4:&4@9FEN86YC:6YG(&]B;&EG871I;VX@:7
@


M87

@=&AE('!R


M(WA!
#LR-BP@

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4



M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P
M=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M


#L\













65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E





T0G

T1T;W`^#0H@



M;3XF(WA!

@3F5W


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M4F]M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M#0H@2G5N92`R-RP@

T1B


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

RPT

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR,2PY-C4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T








T1T;W`^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS.2PP,34\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T





F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
M
F1B
C0Y9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)F930U
M

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@




M1'1H/DIU;BX@
C8L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


]
T1T97AT



151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E

#$T.R!)
M3D-/344@5$%815


M1D].5#H@

M



M1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M

M:6YG/3-$

T1C
M96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$
3`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^1F]R('1H92!996%R($5N9&5D.CPO


#$T/]B
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]


C`Q

M8B@P+#`L

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M4TE:13H@


M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$R+#0P-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M:'0^.PT,C`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M

T1T;W`^


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/C$L-S`T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L-#@X

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M;&4]


T0G

M;W1A;!C=7)R96YT/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,BPY-S@\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-PT.#
\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY+#DP.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*




T1B


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M4F]M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M


#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO9F]N





M4TE:13H@

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@U.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^*3PO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]
M,T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q<'@G/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T


M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/B@X

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,RPU-#4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP


M:'0^
3
L-3


#LF(WA!


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


#L\+W1D


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L



'!X

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M:#H@









M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M)B-X03`[
C8L/&)R(\^#0H@,C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]

#L\



M8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS-2XP/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
N
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT+C4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



65M.R!415A4


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH

@3F5W

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^*#
N-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N

M

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




3!P=#L@

M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,XQ/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XP+C0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P


M9VX]


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]




M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L



T0G0D]21$52





M







C`Q





@=&\@86X-B!U;F-O;G-O;&ED871E9!V87)I86)L92!I;G1E



@)#8T
!A;F0-B!C;VYS

#L@+7=E8FMI=UT
M97AT+7-T<F]K92UW:61T:#H@,'!X)SX-B`F(WA!

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L


@87)E





M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4


M#0H@)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/

T0W-B4@86QI
M9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

@3F5W(%)O

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT



M=6YE)B-X03`[
C8L)B-X03`[

M+#`L

3
\+V(^




#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M97


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR.3@\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




T0G

M;7!L;WEE92!C;VUP96YS871I;VX\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
M+#`R
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($EN=F5N=&]R

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0R-#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS-S8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@




C`Q

T1B;W1T;VT^



#LF(WA!




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C8R
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M(WA!



M


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XS+#0X-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!








T0G1D].


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`S96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!$97!R96-I871I;VX\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XH
3
L
S@T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO


#L\+V9O


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($%M;W)T:7IA

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#(T.3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L
#DY/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*




M




V5M.R!4



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

C`U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\



V5M.R!4

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#$Y-#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M


#LF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@



#L\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@V,C8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT



M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XW
M,C8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*



@+2!T;W1A


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L
C$P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


#L\

#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M:61T:#H@






@
M:6X@;6%K:6YG('1H:7

34@:6X@9FES8V%L(#(P
3


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#



#(T(&EF(&YO=!U=&EL:7IE9X\+W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@







M;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&EN9R!*=6YE)B-X03`[
C8L(#(P
30@86YD($IU
M;F4F(WA!
#LR-RP@
C`Q
RP-B!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S
M(&%N9!A8V-R=65D(&EN=&5R97-T(&%N9!P96YA;'1I97,@=V5R90T*(0R
M-C





3
Y(&%T


3
L

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@




M

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M87@@8F5N969I='
@:7
@87

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4



M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!

T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M)B-X03`[
C8L/&)R(\^#0H@,C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]

3
\





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
SD\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$S
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ


M(&EN('!R:6]R('EE87(\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XR-#@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($=R




#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,3`W/]T

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH



3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!

T1B

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XW/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!

M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@T
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^*3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L













M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(T-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ
M,SD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]
T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


M

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R


L('1H870@:68@






M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\

T1B


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



C@L)B-X03`[
M
C`Q
CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2

M:7IE9!T87@@8F5N969I=',@=&AA=!W;W5L9!A9F9E8W0@86YN=6%L(&5F
M9F5C=&EV92!T87@-B!R871E/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M/C(S
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C


#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
3
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U14

M1D].5#H@



M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].
M5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P=#L@


@=VET:&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A

@87)E

C`Q

M875D:70@9F]R#0H@9FES8V%L(#(P
3$@86YD(#(P



M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A
M-3A?
V-D
F1B

O4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


]
M
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(V+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




]

]


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM

M3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M=&EN9R!
96%S97


M
3)P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M
#`P

T0R
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!

M;F4F(WA!
#LR-BPF(WA!
#LR
#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M=6YE)B-X03`[

C`Q



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96TG/@T*(%)E;G0@97AP96YS92!R96QA=&5D('1O(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S
M97



2PU-S(\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L-#$T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#0U.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O


M;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE('-T





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#
R
#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L
3@W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*



M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

$$P

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

3!P=#L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($IU;F4@,C@L(#(P,3@\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU-#
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($IU;F4@

3D\+W`^#0H@

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-#$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



M;W(]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XT+#(T-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N



P
#`P
#`@

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@



@:6X@=&AE







M8V]M97


@=&\@;V-C=7(L('1H97)E#0H@97AI



T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@




3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!T)SX-B!);B!F:7-C86P@
C`Q

C`Q0SM&3%-!
M)B-X

@=6YD

M=6YI=&EV90T*(&1A;6%G97

3D[(&9E97
@86YD




3D[(&9E97



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q


M=&\@82`D
BPV


M87




2PY-3`-B!I;B!F:7-C
M86P@,C`Q,2!F;W(@=&AE(&-L87-S(&%C=&EO;B!W86=E(&%N9!H;W5R(&QA




M(#(P

M(#(P




M:&4@4V5T=&QE;65N=!!9W)E96UE;G0L('=E('!A:60-B`D
BPV
#`@=&\@


C`Q



M0SHO
F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]

T0Q/C$R($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@







2!P87(@=F%L=64@
M*'1H92`F(W@R



M86QE#0H@;W(@=')A;G-F97(@;W1H97(@=&AA;B!T;R!R96QA=&5D(&EN9&EV

@;V8@;VYE('9O

F(WA!
#M!#0H@4W1O8VL@86YD('1H
M92!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@87)E(&5N=&ET;&5D('1O('-H87)E(&5Q=6%L;'DL




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF





]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

04Y3

]


@

M14Y3051)3TX@4$Q!3E



C`Q-#L@4U1/
M0TLM0D%3140@0T]-4$5.4T%424].(%!


M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M
#LF(W@R
#%#.S(P
#@@17%U:71Y($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N)B-X
C`Q1#LI

@86YD('-T

@;V8@




@




M:&4@;&EM:71A=&EO;G

M
!O9B!T:&4-B`Q+#`P


N













M970@9F]R=&@@:6X@=&AE(#(P

M;G




M8F5C;VUE(&9U;&QY(&5X97)C:7-A8FQE(&]N('1H92!F;W5R=&@@86YN:79E




#L\+W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R




#LF(W@R
#%#.S$Y.3@@17%U:71Y($EN8V5N
M=&EV92!0;&%N)B-X

M(&]F(&]P=&EO;G

@;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T






M($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N(&%R90T*(&5X97)C:7-A8FQE(#(U)2!A;FYU86QL
&5R8VES86)L92!O;B!T:&4@
M9F]U<G1H(&%N;FEV97)S87)Y#0H@9&%T92!O9B!G<F%N=X@3W!T:6]N<R!G


M:&4@



M

M9'

M960@;VX@4V5P=&5M8F5R)B-X03`[
2P@



G!T.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


M($)L86-K+5-C:&]L97


30N(%1H92!F




PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q,G!T(=4:6UE




M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@
M;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



M
C@L)B-X03`[
C`Q




@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ+C$\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M(WA!

M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XP+C`\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M86QI9VX]


#LF(WA!
M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

S@N
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




M;&4]


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XV+C,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!






@86YD




'!X.R!#3TQ/

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@


'!X
$$P.S(V
M+`R








T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

T0V-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T



M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M

T1C96YT97(^/&(^5V5I9VAT


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D%G9W)E


3!P=#L@1D].

65M


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M97


T1B;W1T





M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($5X97)C:7-E9#PO

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@T.2PU
#`\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$R+C0T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
BPR-3`\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
R+C
P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX-B!/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=!*=6YE)B-X03`[
C8L(#(P
30\+W`^#0H@

M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8S+#4P
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/







T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$S+CDU/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T
M)SXF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H



#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

W!X


#L\+W1D



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


C8L(#(P
30L



M

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M:61T:#H@

M('9A;'5E(&]F(&%L;`T*(&]P=&EO;G


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]2

T0X
M-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-S(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO


M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/


C8L)B-X03`[
C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L

M.B!R9V(H

#LR



65M.R!415A4+4E.

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
N

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!4;W1A;!I;G1R:6YS:6
@=F%L=64@;V8@;W!T


#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C
Y-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N




M;3XF(WA!

T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




M*3L@1D].5#H@


M1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@
M;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T0G

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

63H@

M(')G8B@P+#`L



7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L


M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/


M/3-$)U=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W=R87`G/D=R86YT+41A=&4\+V9O;G0^/&)R

T1B;W1T


3
\+W`^

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M5&EM97


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A




M

T1T;W`^



M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XH,2PP,#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X



#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M




M4TE:13H@

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C$L-C(U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A
M<#TS1&YO=W)A<#XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8N-#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!



M9VX]


M

M

M5$]0.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@


M=6YE)B-X03`[
C8L(#(P


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@

M3TY4.B`Q


M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S


T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-


T1B;W1T;VT@

T1C96YT97(^/&(^3W!T:6]N(%!R:6-E(%!E

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



2XS
#PO9F]N=#X\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;'-P86X]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M97

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

C@L
#`P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!

M5&EM97


3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!796EG:'1E9UA=F5R86=E(')E;6%I
M;FEN9R!L:69E(&EN('EE87)S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



#LF(WA!


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/C
T+#$R-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]



CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M:'0^
3@N
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z











3U(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L



3!P










M8VL@56YI='
\+V(^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@



M




#L\+W1D/@T*



3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M97

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T;VT^


M
#LF(WA!

M13H@

M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
BXW-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
!S;VQI9<^)B-X


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=!*=6YE(#(V



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

38N
C
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T;VT^




G!T.R!
M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B

#LR
M-BP@


M960N($%T($IU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RP@
C`Q




#LR-BP@

M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M97(@;V8@9FES8V%L(#(P
3$@=V4@9W)A;G1E9`Q,PP

M#0H@;6%R:V5T:6YG(&-O;G-U;'1A;G0@=VAI8V@@=F5S=&5D(&]V97(@82!T


M87


G!T.R!
M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B






M

M15(M0T]


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=&@]
T0V.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!
#ME

#LR-BP\8G(@+SX-B`R,#$T/]B/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




C`Q
M
SPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#(P




T0G1D].


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XY,#4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY-3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X

M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4





2XT



F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
M
F1B
C0Y9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)F930U
M

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\


]





M960@80T*('-P96-I86P@8V%S:!D:79I9&5N9!O9B`D
2XU

#(P,4,[,C`Q-!3<&5C:6%L($1I=FED96YD)B-X
M
C`Q1#LI+B!4:&4@

3



M34%21TE.+51/4#H@

C`Q
M



C`Q0SLR
#$S
M(%-P96-I86P@1&EV:61E;F0F(W@R
#%$.RDN(%1H90T*(#(P
3
@4W!E8VEA
M;!$:79I9&5N9!O9B`D

M
C@L(#(P



#$R
M+B!4:&4@97@M9&EV:61E;F0@9&%T92!W87
@=&AE(&-L;W-E(&]F#0H@8G5S

@;VX@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!

C4X7S0S9&)?86$U
M.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]

]








'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


#(P
4
[05)-00T*(&)R86YD)B-X

M='

L('1R86EL
&5S






M

4
[045)
M)B-X




N(%1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!N



3




@

!A=!*=6YE)B-X03`[

3

M



F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A
M-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S)F930U

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O





]




]

]


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!T

30[($5-4$Q/645%($)%3D5&250@4$Q!
M3E


@;65E=&EN9PT*(&UI;FEM

65E(&%N9`U




M3TQ


T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-



M(#(P

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P=!S;VQI

#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

C@L
M/&)R(\^#0H@,C`Q,CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


T0G

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
M+#
U-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

2PQ-S$\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDR
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@









@87



M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO

M63H@5&EM97

#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-BP\8G(@+SX-B`R,#$T/]B/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



M

T1B;W1T


M

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XV-#8\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!T)SX-



C`Q1#LI









N

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y9C$W
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)F930U
3AB7S$R-3A?

C(N:'1M








M;BX@
C8L(#(P



]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4D5425)%345.5!03$%./]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L


BP@
C`P-RP@=&AE(&-O;6UI='1E92!T
M:&5N(&MN;W=N(&%S('1H90T*($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;BP@3F]M:6YA=&EN9R!A

M


C`Q
M0SM315)0)B-X




M9W







@;V8-

3
[#0H@4F5T:7)E;65N





M('1R86YS:71I;VX@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@=&AA=!H879E(&YO=!Y970@8F5E



M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L


M(WA!

3!P=#L@





M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/DIU;F4F
M(WA!
#LR-BP\+V(^/&)R(\^#0H@/&(^,C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]

M+SX-B`\8CXR,#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!

M


M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*

M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C$S+#DX.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS-#

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-

T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^-C


#LF(WA!




@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L-#4T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!




M4TE:13H@



#L\

T1B

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


M871I;VX@870@96YD(&]F('EE87(\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-2PP
M,C4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

3
L
C8X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@





T1B;W1T



W!X
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U14

M1D].5#H@





@96YD960Z



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




M92UW:61T:#H@

T0P


T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/



3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0R(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR.P\+V(^/&)R(\^#0H@/&(^
C`Q
M
CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.

M;!,;W-S(A'86EN*3PO8CX\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH



3!P=#L@

M



#L\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
2PU-34\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L-#DT/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X-


3!P=#L@1D].

V5M


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,3D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
C`\+W1D/@T*

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P


M9VX]


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L-#4T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\





M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L



'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX-


M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE('-T





T0P/@T*

M-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-BP\+V(^/&)R(\^#0H@/&(^,C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M+#PO8CX\8G(@+SX-B`\8CXR,#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS-#,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M97

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XV
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
#LF(WA!





@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%)E
M8V]G;FEZ960@9V%I;B!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-C@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T1B;W1T;VT@

C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M*#$X-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R





T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P


M9VX]


M


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#@W
#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\<!S='EL93TS



M4!I;F-L=61E('1H92!D:7-C;W5N=`T*(')A=&4@=7-E9!T;R!C86QC=6QA



M





M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@






MB`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0V.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P

M;F4F(WA!
#LR-BP\+V(^/&)R(\^#0H@/&(^,C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]


3




M;&4]


T0G

M871E(&]F(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!I;F-R96%S97
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^


M

T1T;W`^


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


'!X

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M:#H@


M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@






MB`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\



#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

M/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-BP\+V(^/&)R(\^#0H@/&(^,C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]


M

T1T;W`^


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


\+W`^#0H@

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($)O;G5S('!A



4F
M(WA!,#LM)B-X03`[-S`E)B-X03`[;V8\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H@8F%S92P\
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E<CX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]W<F%P)SXV,4F(WA!
#LM)B-X
M03`[-S`E)B-X03`[;V8\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H@8F%S92P\8G(@+SX-B!P
M86ED)B-X03`[




G!T.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E

M(')A=&4@:7



M(')A=&4@:7

M4X@5&\@=&AE(&5X=&5N=`T*('1H92!D:7-C;W5N=!R871E(&EN8W)E87-E



M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M


PP+#`I(#%P=!S
M;VQI9#L@5TE$5$@Z(#


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV-3


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX-B`R,#$V/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/C8T
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(#(P
3@\+W`^

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XV,CD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO




#$Y/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@


#$T.R`R
#(T/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

RPP-S
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU

M*3L@1D].5#H@


M;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R97-E;G1S('1H92!C;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F($%/0TP@
M=&AA=!H879E(&YO=`T*('EE=!B965N(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@;F5T('!E

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@

M3TY4.B`Q


M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S


T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



C8L)B-X
M03`[


3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M

T1T;W`^


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XR+#(U-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-BPR

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M/B@W+#$W-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N

T0G1D].

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

2PW


T0G0D]21$52+51/



M

M3$5&5#H@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
RPU
#
\+W1D/@T*


T0G1D].

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/B@S+#$V-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]

M



M.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/



#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#



@


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

3AB







]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@


051%1!/
M5$A%4B!#3TU04D5(14Y3259%($Q/4U,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]

M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].
M5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B

30@)B-X
M
C`Q
SL@04-#54U53$%4140@3U1(15(@0T]-4%)%2$5.4TE612!

M+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-0

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



C`Q0SM!3T-
)B-X



M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@
M1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M





M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB


@

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($)A;&%N8V4@+2!*=6YE)B-X03`[

M
3



L
38T/]T9#X-B`\

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$58


\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,2PT-30\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T





M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XX.#D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T1T;W`^


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

C(V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2




3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.


T1B;W1T;VT^



S.3PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$









T1T;W`^



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

L-3`S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M:61T:#TS1#$P
4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M

M5$]0.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@



M(WA!
#LR-BP@


'!X.R!#3TQ/

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@




M1#4X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M+49!34E


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.7!X.R!6

$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

F(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@9&5F:6YE9!B
M96YE9FET('!E;G-I;VX@:71E;7
Z/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T


M9VX]


M=FEC92!C;W-T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M97

3!P


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M871I=F4@97AP96YS97

M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L


M;&4]


T0G



#L\

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX-B!487@@969F96-T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XS-34\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-




'!X.R!
M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0T)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

+4%
24=.






@

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

C8L(#(P



]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5%)!3E-!0U1)3TY3(%=)5$@@4D5,051%1!005)4










L








M3U)$15(M0T]


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=VED=&@]
T0V-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T



M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

C8L)B-X03`[
C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




3(\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\



M


@9G)O;2!R96QA=&5D('!A

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$Q+#`W-SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

3`L-S(S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B






M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L



M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@
M1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M






65M.R!415A4+4E.

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

C
R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T




M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R
M-#EF



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]




]




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




3!P





3)P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W
4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@/'`@




P
#`P
#`@
M
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

C`Q
CPO


T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M;VUM97)C:6%L($EN9W)E9&EE;G1S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

3DS+#$X
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M='1O;3XF(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/C$W-BPV

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDX+#$R-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XX-2PY-#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XS,RPY-S@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
T
M+#@W-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M.B`C
#`P


T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P





M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T+#
S
M-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T.R!-05)'24XM5$]0

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!3U)$
M15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]

T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/E-A;&5S(&]F(&)R

&EM871E;'D@
S$E+`S,4@86YD(#(Y)2!O


M;`R,#$T+`R
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ
M(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!T)SX-B!4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('-U



M97



#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE







M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!724142#H@-#8N.7!T)SX-

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

C`Q
SPO8CX\+W1D/@T*


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#

M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%!E86YU='
\

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-2XY/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!



M
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z


M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XR


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

3$N-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($%L;6]N9'
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

30N-SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


M
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

#`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

T1B


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

3`P


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q

@=VAI8V@-B!I;F-L=61E(&YU=!P

F9E-#4Q
M.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B

O4VAE
M970R-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]



C8L
M(#(P


]
T1T97AT

M=&]P/E9!3%5!5$E/3B!!3D0@455!3$E&64E.1R!!0T-/54Y44R!!3D0@4D53
M15)615




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#





3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M







T1B


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^061D:71I;VYS/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G0D]21$52


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT






M9VX]


C8L(#(P
30\
M+V(^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ.30\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#LF
M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,38\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
PU,SD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^



#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C4L
S@Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!


BPS-3$\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@Q-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

M86QI9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*
<^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M



#L\

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

RPT-#

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q-BPP



T1B;W1T
M;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M/C
L


#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




M




T1B;W1T



W!X

M9VX]


M


M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO


M





M9VX]

T1B;W1T




T0G

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/C$Y-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU-3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L,C4V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A<#XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



#L\


M
#LF(WA!

M13H@




C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX


T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


#LF(WA!
M

7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M;3XF(WA!



M;&4]


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#@V-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52



#L\



C`Q
CPO8CX\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($%L;&]W
M86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XR,C0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT^



#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@






#L\

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#$R
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


M




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

BPX-S

M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q
M
BPQ

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(L.#8W/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B


F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
M
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B

O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M



]


]
M








#$T(&%N





M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M4D1%4BU#3TQ



M

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\

T1B


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT



M96-O;F0\8G(@+SX-B!1=6%R=&5R/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`\8CY996%R($5N9&5D($IU;F4F
M(WA!,#LR-BP@,C`Q-#H\+V(^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M4F]M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M#0H@3F5T('-A;&5S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$W-BPV

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(R-2PQ
30\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$W-PR.3$\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(P,BPU,C`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^






#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR.2PS-CD\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#LF(WA!
M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS,RPW-#D\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P


M9VX]


M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

3(L

#LF
M(WA!

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV+#$S.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,BPQ,S8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO




M;VUE/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

C0\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

RPV.#$\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`S96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M('-H87)E/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N-C(\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N
S
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M

3PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

XX,SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


@3F5W


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

2XU
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


M*#`L

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M9V(H




@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M97

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




\+W`^

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

C$U+#8Q.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

38S+#@Q-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


Y
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]




T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



#LF(WA!

M5&EM97

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

30L-#(V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C$P+#`P
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX+#
P
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS-#(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N-S`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N
M,#,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N-3$\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




T0G


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



3PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]


M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


T1N
M;W=R87`^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/'`@<W1Y;&4]
M,T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]21U34$%#24Y'.B`P<'@[($-/3$]2
M.B!R9V(H



M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@



T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0T
M)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^*#$I/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L

30-

@
M9'5E('1O(&$@8VAA;F=E(&EN('1H90T*(&5S=&EM871E(&]F(&]N+6AA;F0@


M87)T7S)F930U
3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D8E]A834X7S-C9#)D8C(T.68Q-PT*0V]N





]

M
T1)1#!%


3(@

C8L(#(P










3$

M=7)S9&%Y(&]F($IU;F4@96%C:!Y96%R+!A;F0@='EP:6-A;&QY(&-O;G-I




M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0
M.B`Q




L(&$@9&EV97)S90T*('!R;V1U8W0@




@;V8@




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M





M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='



@870@=&AE(&1A
M=&4@;V8@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA;`T*('-T871E;65N='
@86YD('1H92!R97!O









T1T;W`^06-C;W5N
M='

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'


M97




@8F%S960@;VX@86=R




M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N














M(&-H86YG97

@861J=7-T
M;65N='

N(%=E(&UA:6YT86EN('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&EN=F5N



N(%1H92!Q


]
M





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E4





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@




M

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@





M:#H@

M:61T:#TS1#8Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/EEE87(F
M(WA!

#LR-RPF(WA!
#LR
#$S/]B
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]


C@L)B-X03`[
C`Q
M
CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$S+#8T.3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X



3
L-C0X/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-PP-C(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]2




M4F]M86XG.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@





M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP
M*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^





M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86X]


3!P

M5#H@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

3`F(WA!



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T1T;W`^

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU('1O(#$P


#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!










6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)

M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M
PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@-G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M




@

@


M87D@97AC965D(&]N92!Y96%R(&1U92!T;R!E=F5N='





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26UP86ER;65N=!O
M9B!



@



M92X@5VAE;B!S=6-H#0H@979E;G1S(&]C8W5R+!W92!C;VUP87)E('1H92!S
M=6T@;V8@=&AE('5N9&ES8V]U;G1E9!C87-H(&9L;W=S#0H@97AP96-T960@





]
M


3!P=#L@1D].


3!P=#L@

M:&4@=&5R;0T*(&]F('1H92!R96QA=&5D(&1E8G0N(%1H92!A;6]R=&EZ871I



Z





M9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-C$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T

6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU

M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!
#ME;F1E9#QB

#LR-RPF(WA!
#LR
#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

C@L)B-X03`[
C`Q
CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.


T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS,CD\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0T,CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

#L\+W`^



M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4





M*3L@1D].5#H@





@:6YC;'5D




M3$]2.B!R9V(H


M5#H@



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]2

T0X
M-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$-C$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO


M

T0G0D]2


C8L)B-X03`[
C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D



M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

#LR



65M.R!4


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ+#8Y-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M

M3$5&5#H@

M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
2PT.34\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q+#0U
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P=#L@3$545$52+5-0



@


@87


M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP
M*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X






65M.R!415A4

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^


T1T


P+`R,#$V/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B




M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

$$P


M9VX]


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


M

M3$5&5#H@

C`Q

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4U.#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR+#0R.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*



M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@
M,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P=#L@3$54




L($Q


4
[3VQD($5L9VEN#0H@

40[*2!F;W(@;W5R(&9A8VEL:71Y(&-O;G-O;&ED871I;VX@

M)B-X
C`Q0SM#:71Y)B-X

M9B!F:7-C86P@
C`Q

L($Q


M(')E;6%I;FEN9R!R:6=H='
@86YD(&]B;&EG871I;VYS('5N9&5R(&$-B!D
M979E;&]P;65N=!A9W)E96UE;G0@96YT97)E9!I;G1O(&)Y(&%N9!A;6]N

C`Q0SM$979E;&]P;65N


M)B-X03`[

3

-






M97-U;'1E9!I;B!A('!R92UT87@@9V%I;B!O9B`D,2PV-#$N/]P/@T*(#QP

'!X

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M:#H@



M(W@R

C`Q1#L@9F]R('1H






M0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M=65D(&)Y('1H92!&:6YA;F-I86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
-B!
M;V%R9`H)B-X,C`Q0SM&05-)B-X
C`Q1#LI(&1E9FEN97







T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T
M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@

M


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@5$58

M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E







'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&5V96P@,RT\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


T1T;W`^56YO

@;&ET=&QE(&]R


M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P=#L@3$545$52+5-0



M=6YE)B-X03`[
C8L(#(P


M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M
PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@


@9&5F
M:6YE9!I;B!.;W1E(#0@:6X-B!T:&4@3F]T97


4
[4F5V;VQV:6YG#0H@0W)E
M9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y)B-X









T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T
M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@

M







M
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X

M/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO


M

T0G0D]2


C8L)B-X03`[
C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT,BPS-34\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]




T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C0S+#`Y
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XT-BPP-3D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\+W1A8FQE/@T*

M

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M:61T:#H@


L
M('=H:6-H#0H@97-T:6UA=&5S(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@8F%S960@;VX@:6YT97)E


M:&%V92!B965N(&YO('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&-H86YG97





3!P


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



@


@86YD(&-O;&QE8W1I
M;VX@:7

M8W1S('5N9&5R('-O;64@87)R86YG96UE;G1S('=H:6-H(&EN8VQU9&4@8W5S




L('1O(&-O;G-U;65R#0H@


N(%)E=F5N=65S



M(&%R92!R969L96-T960@87



]

M3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!T)SX-B`\=3Y396=M96YT

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@





]

T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T



M;'D@:6X@=')A9&4@86-C;W5N='







C`Q

M=&EV96QY+B!.970@86-C;W5N='


C8L(#(P
30@86YD($IU;F4F(WA!
M
#LR-RP@
C`Q

]
T1R


M9V(H

M24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@





@






@:6X@=&AE#0H@8V]N







M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!

T0X-4@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C(E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/


C8L)B-X03`[

M3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L

M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

#LR


3!P=#L@1D].

65M

M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XX+#DT-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-


]


M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M
PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M


M.B!R9V(H




M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE('-T

63H@)U1I;65S($YE






M

M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T

63H@)U1I;65S($YE



PP+#`I(#%P=!S

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-RPX.34\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


#LF(WA!
M

#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L






'!X


M1#8R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@



30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!
#ME

#LR-RPF(WA!
#LR
#$S/]B/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G


C@L)B-X03`[
C`Q
CPO8CX\

M.B`G5&EM97

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@X
M
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



2PR
S
\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L
#8R/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



W!X(&1O=6)L

M9VX]


M



T0G0D]2





M9V(H

M24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L



F(WA!
#LW






M4U5S(&ES(&1E=&5R;6EN960-B!B87-E9!O;B!T:&4@;6%R:V5T('!R:6-E




]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M=&%X(&-R961I='





N

@9F]R('5N

@82!L:6ME;&EH;V]D(&]F(&=R96%T97(@=&AA;@T*


@
M=&AA;B`U
4@;&EK96QI:&]O9!O9B!B96EN9R!S=7-T86EN960L(&YO#0H@
M=&%X(&)E;F5F:70@:7








N($-H86YG97




M34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!E;G-E(\H8F5N
M969I=D@8V%P=&EO;B!I;B!T:&4-B!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@4W1A=&5M96YT

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M='





]

M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP
M*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M


M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP
M*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M-G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X




F(WA!




@



M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L

M5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@

M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L







M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!





M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/EEE87(@16YD

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B



#LR.PF(WA!,#LR,#$R/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

3$L
#
S+#
Q
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,PX-C
L
#8T/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T




M86QI9VX]




M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XY.2PP

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

3(Y+#DS
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3XF(WA!

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T




'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M:&%R97




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

3$L
3
R+#
T-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C$P+#DY

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XQ

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L



M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L
PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@






M92UW:61T:#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0V
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/EEE
M87(F(WA!

#LR-BPF(WA!
#LR
#$T
M/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




M
C`Q
SPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-2PQ-3,\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#LF(WA!
#L\


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$P-RPQ
C4\+W1D/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!796EG:'1E9!A=F5R86=E(&5X97)C

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D

$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



3!P=#L@1D].



M=&]P:6




N($=!05`@=&\@8F4@

M96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(&EN('1H96ER(&5N=&ER971Y+B!&;W(@86UO=6YT



M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@






3
M










M(#(P



M(&%F9F5C='


M9&]P=&EO;B!O9B!T:&ES('5P9&%T92!D:60@;F]T(&AA=F4@86X@:6UP86-T

M3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q









@=&AA



@82!S=')A=&5G:6
@

#$Y.W







@87
@:&5L







T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-


M4U4@

@5&]P:6
@-C`V

\



#4L(#QI/E)E=F5N=64@4F5C;V=N










M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@





@9W5I9&%N





M/5].97AT4&%R=%\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF
M



M;W)T(&ED/3-$240P141
04

]




]








M1D].5#H@


M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S


T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[



M03`[
C8L)B-X03`[

M+#`L


M9V(H

#LR


3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

3
L-C0Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XQ
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M/C$T+#`V
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N




M(#QT9#XF(WA!


$$P
M.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X


#L\+W1D

]






M:6YG('1H92!S=')A:6=H=UL:6YE(&UE=&AO9!O=F5R('1H90T*(&9O;&QO



'!X)SX-



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0W
M-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/CPO


M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4)/5%1/


M

T0G0D]2


M960F(WA!

#M

@3F5W(%)O


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


3!P=#L@1D].

65M

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG
M/@T*(%9E:&EC;&5S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M
R!T;R`U('EE87)S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R
M/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M

]
M


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4





M($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ


T1C96YT97(@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-



#`P
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N
M/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!

M
#LR-RPF(WA!
#LR
#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M03`[
C@L)B-X03`[
C`Q


M;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS,CD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#LF(WA!
#L\




M
#LF(WA!

#L\





]




@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@
M=&AE#0H@8V%P=&EO;B`F(W@R




M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M




M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-


M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L



3(\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;&4]

T1T


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L-CDW/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XQ+#8W
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

2PT
C8\+W1D

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,BPW.3@\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M;F5W;&EN92`O

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@1G5T=7)E($=R;W-S(%)E;G1A;!);F-O;64@







M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE('-T





T0P/@T*





@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG
M/@T*($IU;F4F(WA!
#LR-2P@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ

T1N;W=R


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#4Y.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG
M/@T*($IU;F4@
C@L(#(P
3@\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XU.3D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M

T1T;W`^


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



#LF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52




T1T;W`^




M;6%T92!O9B!O=7(@;&]N9R!T97)M(&1E8G0L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!C=7)R96YT
M(&UA='5R:71I97


M5#H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@








M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L


PP+#`I(#%P=!S

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T




M
#LF(WA!



65M.R!4



#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT,RPP.3$\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-




M+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-0

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




M87

L(&%N

M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE

63H@)U1I;65S








M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

63H@)U1I;65S




M(WA!


B!A;&EG

T1B;W1T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
PS,S`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M


]




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E4



M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@
M,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET



'!X.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E


T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M

M97

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


M
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M

3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0R(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!

M(WA!
#LR.PF(WA!,#LR,#$R/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!

M4TE:13H@


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M



M.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/



M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B





@9F]R($QA




'!X)SX-B!297-E87)C:!A;F0@9&5V


M(')E;&%T960@97AP96YS97
@86YD#0H@:7





3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M


#L\

M34E

05!313H@8V]L




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*

M34E

M+#`L


M9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



M+SX-B!*=6YE)B-X03`[,C@L)B-X03`[,C`Q,CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




#LF
M(WA!

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L













T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M=&@]
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@

T0G

M86QI9VX]

M



M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


C`Q
M-#L@8F%S:6
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\

T1B;W1T;VT^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$P
M+#@V
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M
3`L-S(V+#`P-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($5F

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

3!P



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDY+#`S-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$P
BPU



M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


M





M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%=E:6=H=&5D(&%V

#$T.R!D

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
2PQ
S(L

M
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^
M#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M;F5W;&EN92`O/CPO

]


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U3


M(&5X8VQU9&5D(&9R;VT@=&AE(&-O;7!U=&%T:6]N(&]F(&1I;'5T960@96%R
M;FEN9W


M*3L@1D].5#H@
$$P.SPO

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

05!313H@8V]L




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*

M34E

M+#`L


M9V(H


C`Q
SPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT


#LR.PF(WA!,#LR,#$R/]B
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0Q+#
W-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.


M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

C4N
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$X+C0V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-RXV
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO
M=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M;F5W;&EN







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-BP@


]





M)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T.R!-05)'24XM

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M3U)$15(M0T]




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*


M(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W1D/@T*



M=6YE)B-X03`[

C`Q


M(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX.2PT

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C@P+#DR-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]



T0G


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




M

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$X
BPX




M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?
M86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF


T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

12!!
M4U-%5%


]



]


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR
M-BPF(WA!
#LR
#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M86QI9VX]


T1T;W`^


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
PV,#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;7!E=&4@86=R965M96YT/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^-2PT
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

#`\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O

M;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*
M($)R86YD(&YA;65S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M.PP.3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

#`P

M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&




M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-BPR,#,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XH-PU.#(\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]






'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.

\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/B@X+#`U.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH.PP
C4\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4

M:6]N/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
3@L.#0T/]T9#X-B`\

M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q-BPR

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!




'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M

M971S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)





T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

T0V
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


#L\+W1D



M8CY996%R)B-X03`[96YD960\8G(@+SX-B!*=6YE)B-X03`[,C8L)B-X03`[
M,C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^

M.S(P
3

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P=!S;VQI

M
#LR


M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$
M<FEG:'0^,BPV,CD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*

P
M
#`P
#`@




M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\+V1I=CX\



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M4BU#3TQ


T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&(^1FES8V%L('EE87(@96YD:6YG/]B
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($IU;F4@
C4L(#(P

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96TG/@T*($IU;F4@
S`L(#(P
38\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M='1O;3XF(WA!



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L
S8Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX-B!*=6YE(#(X+`R
#$X/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT
M<B!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#L\+W1D/@T*

M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^










3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-BP@



]


]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]

M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP
M*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M-G!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X




M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M4BU#3TQ



'!X

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-S8E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*



7!T('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^

30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3XF(WA!

M86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RP\8G(@+SX-
MB`R,#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@


4
[5')A;F-H92!!)B-X

M('!R:6YC:7!A;!I;G-T86QL;65N=',@;V8@)#(P,!P;'5S#0H@:6YT97)E

R4F(WA!

#(S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT/C(Q+#0P
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

C

M
#LF(WA!

M13H@

4


@;V8@)#4P('!L=7


C`R
R!W:71H

T1B;W1T;VT^


M
#LF(WA!

M13H@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
BPR-C0\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

3(L-3@U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L






T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

SDL
#$U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!

M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

M

M3$5&5#H@



#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,RPS-#D\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\


M9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
M



#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]2





M='5R:71I97
@;V8@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
@9F]R

M)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T.R!-05)'24XM

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M3U)$15(M0T]




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

C4L(#(P
34\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@



$$P


M4TE:13H@


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!4




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG
M/@T*(%1H97)E869T97(\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(Q+#DV
M-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T0C0T-%149&

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS.2PP
34\+W1D


T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


C4X7S0S9&)?86$U
M.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF



^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@




]




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R






M92UW:61T:#H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0W-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M='1O;3XF(WA!

M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E



#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[




M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M8G(@+SX-B`R,#$R/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!

M


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

@3F5W


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,BPT,#4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.


M;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XR+#`W.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ+#0X.#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


M9#XF(WA!

M13H@




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

30L-#@S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T










M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
2PR
M


T0G

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]

M

T1T;W`^




T1B


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

C4X

M(WA!


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^






T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\


M;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T0G1D].

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XQ

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T


M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDL
#DY/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52




T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@





T1B;W1T



W!X

]


M




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M
#LF(WA!

#$T
M/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

C`Q



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
U


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C


M92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+C
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C
N-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N


T1T;W`^#0H@



M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,XQ/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,XR/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M(WA!



$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XH



#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,RXT/]T9#X-

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
RXR/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR+C`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
M

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T


M(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M;3XF(WA!




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
X+C



T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

S0N-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M

T0G



M
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512



@87)E(&-O;7!R:7-E

$$P

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

05!313H@




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-S8E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M


T0G1D].


T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
T
M
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

CDX/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

3!P=#L@1D].


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-







M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XT,C0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


3!P=#L@1D].

V5M

3D[(&-O;7!E

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8W
SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO


M


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(Y-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XV,C`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G

T1T;W`^#0H@



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M





M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

RPW
C



M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


T1B;W1T



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&

M

M3$5&5#H@



M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A




3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
M



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

2PR-#D\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#`Y.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*



T1B;W1T;VT^



$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+#8Y
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M5&EM97

\+W`^

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(P-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VAT/C(V-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N





$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N
M/3-$<FEG:'0^-2PW-#D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

#L\+W1D




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&

M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ-S4\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@


M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL



T0G

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH-C(V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M

3
[

T1B;W1T;VT^



#LF
M(WA!

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



M



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


M5&EM97



M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XT+#4U
#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@


M


M(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\8G(@8VQA

]


M9'5L92!O9B!296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;B!O9B!5;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@5&%X($)E
M;F5F:71S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=CX-



M:61T:#H@

M=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W



'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E



'!X)R!C96QL

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-S8E(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&(^2G5N

30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M(WA!

T0R
M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RP\8G(@+SX-B`R,#$S
M/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,S,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M


T0G1D].


@)B-X

M96%R/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


#L\

T1B;W1T



M


@)B-X
C`Q-#L@

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M;2!N;W=R87`]

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3XF(WA!


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q
#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^*3PO=&0^#0H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO


MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M



]


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!T)SX-B!5;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S+!T
M:&%T(&EF(')E8V]G;FEZ960L('=O=6QD(&%F9F5C=!T:&4-B!A;FYU86P@


M97(]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

C8L)B-X03`[
C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT


3

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P=!S

#LR



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR,S,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U
M.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF


T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@04Y$
M($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15



]







T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)

M86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0V
M
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$

MB!*=6YE)B-X03`[,C8L)B-X03`[,C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]

3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#LR



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#0Q-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T
$$P.SPO


M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P







M3TQ


T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&(^1FES8V%L('EE87(@96YD:6YG/]B/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($IU;F4@
C4L(#(P

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

2PS


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG
M/@T*($IU;F4@
S`L(#(P
38\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3XF(WA!

M4F]M86XG(&)G8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L
#
X/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@


M4F]M86X[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-
MB!*=6YE(#(X+`R
#$X/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



#LF(WA!

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M96%F=&5R/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

#`P

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97




T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R
M9&(R-#EF




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

I/&)R


]


@4VAA



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




C`Q
R!A
M;F0@9FES8V%L#0H@
C`Q

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@

M1#`@=VED=&@]
T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\
M='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M


M;3XF(WA!

B!A;&EG


C`Q
SPO8CX\+W1D





M4TE:13H@

T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ+C$\+W1D/@T*(#QT



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



T1T;W`^#0H@



T1B;W1T





M4TE:13H@


1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV+C
\+W1D
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D

M8VL@3W!T:6]N($%C=&EV:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



M.B!R9V(H



M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@



M-C0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[




T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+4)/


MB!!=F5R86=E/&)R(\^#0H@4F5M86EN:6YG/&)R(\^#0H@0V]N=')A8W1U
M86P\8G(@+SX-B!497)M/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X


M

\
M8G(@+SX-B!686QU93PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M86QI9VX]



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

T1T;W`^#0H@



M='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
BXT
M-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
BXS
M
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*



3!P=#L@

M



#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XV,RPU
M,#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

3

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+C`Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*



T1T;W`^#0H@




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XQ
RXY-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$N.#8\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@


#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@
M/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M;F5W;&EN92`O/CPO9&EV

]






@=&AE('=E:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A



@9F]R('1H92!L87-T('1H





'!X
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M

M

T1C96YT97(@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^


7!T
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C

3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N
M=&5R/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!

#LR.PF
M(WA!,#LR,#$R/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M

3!P







#L\+W1D

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C,N,SD\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;&4]


T0G


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XU,S4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M(WA!

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%1O=&%L

T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8Q-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M
2PR
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0U
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M


]

]
M

M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@
M,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET

@

M('EE87(-B!E;F1E9!*=6YE)B-X03`[
C8L(#(P



M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M4BU#3TQ



'!X

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-S8E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*




7!T('-O;&ED.R!724142#H@


M+#`L

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^5V5I9VAT960M


M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($YO;BUV


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#8R-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

M



@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($=R


T1N
M;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

30[)B-X03`[)B-X


#LF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
M
2PP

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8N-38\+W1D/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

1494.B`S96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!&;W)F96ET960\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO


30\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF
M(WA!

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L


#LF(WA!

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8N-#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@



M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!






3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M86YD:6YG(&%S(&]F($IU;F4F(WA!
#LR-BP@




'!X)SX-



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0W
M
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

@3F5W

#L\+W1D/@T*


B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M86QI9VX]

T0G5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z




#LD


3!P=#L@1D].

65M

\+W`^

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR.PP
#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

S4L-3`P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-RXY.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

2XR/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

S0L
3(U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XX+CDR/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]









M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M13H@





M-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^






M960@4W1O8VL@56YI='
\+V(^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M86QI9VX]






#L\



V5M.R!415A4

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;3XF(WA!

@3F5W

M.B`G5&EM97

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T1B

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$R


#LF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@


#LF(WA!
M


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
BXW-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=!*




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

38N
C



M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B












'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*


M(WA!
#LF(WA!

#$T/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!C;W-T(&-H87)G960@
M=&\@96%R;FEN9W
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

2PQ
#4\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDP-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y
M9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)F930U
3AB7S$R

S8N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C



T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H




]







M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H

M='1O;3XF(WA!

B!A




3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T




T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L
S4V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XQ+#$W
3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\+V1I


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T.R!-05)'

T0G


T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$

6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U14
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RP\8G(@+SX-B`R,#$S/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU.3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M97AT4&%R=%\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF




M(&ED/3-$240P14A&04



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

]


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T



@=&AE(&-H86YG97


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$


#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RP\8G(@+SX-B`R,#$S/]B/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@



M;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;CPO8CX\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

3!P=#L@


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VX@870@8F5G:6YN
M:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

3
L
C8X

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
R
SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS-#,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XV
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X



#LF(WA!

M3E0M4TE:13H@



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R





#L\

T1B

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$U+#`R-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#XQ,RPR-C@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P









3)P=#L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0W-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-

M86QI9VX]

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR.P\
M8G(@+SX-B`R



M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(#QP('-T



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,S4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L

M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#LF(WA!

M

M
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M.R!415A4+4E.


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XH,3D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ



M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


M



2PT

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@<W1Y;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S



#`P
M

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S


M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
G!T.R!-05)'

T0G
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!3U)$15(M0T]


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)O

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO

M63H@5&EM97

#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-BP\8G(@+SX-B`R,#$T/]B/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




M(\^#0H@,C`Q,SPO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X


P
#`P
#`@
7!T
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C



T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS
C
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C
T
M
SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



C0S/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M

3!P


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XV

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96TG/@T*(%)E8V]G;FEZ960@9V%I;B!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX\+W`^#0H@

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH-C@\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M9VX]

M)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

M;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDU
M-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

#`P
#`P


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P




M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



2PX

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

M1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$

2PV


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


@=&\@8V%L8W5L871E('1H92!B96YE9FET#0H@;V)L
M:6=A=&EO;G
@;V8@;W5R(%-%4E`@87
@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!D871E

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E4


@3F5W

M1#`@=VED=&@]
T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\
M='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T

M.B`G5&EM97

M(WA!


M8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!$:7-C;W5N=!R871E/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^-XS-R4\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R





T0G

M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#LS)B-X
M03`[;V8F(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#LM)B-X03`[-S`E
M)B-X03`[;V8\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H@8F%S92P\8G(@+SX-B!P86ED)B-X
M03`[



]

M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP
M*3L@1D].5#H@,3!P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M




3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L


M(WA!

3!P=#L@





M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-BP\
M+V(^/&)R(\^#0H@/&(^,C`Q-#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G0D]21$52


M(#QB/C(P
3


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C




T0G1D].

M;W5N=!R871E/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(^-XY
4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$
M8V5N=&5R/C0N






M;G-A=&EO;B!I;F-R96%S97
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^-XU
4\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^/&9O
M;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO=W)A<<^-C`E)B-X03`[+28C

$$P.S4\8G(@+SX-B!Y96%R<SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P.RTF(WA!,#LW,4F(WA!


\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


M)SXV
4F(WA!,#LM)B-X03`[-S`E)B-X03`[;V8\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H@




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


@=&AE



3!P

T0P/@T*(#QT

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

M9VX]


M
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z


#$V/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO



#$W/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^



1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX-B`R,#$X/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


M4F]M86X[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-
MB`R,#$Y/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XS+#`W
SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S


]


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`Q



M:6YG/3-$

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R
M/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RPF(WA!
#LR



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX-B!5;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@;F5T(&=A:6X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/B@V+#(R
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]

M;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L.3@R

M(WA!
#LF(WA!
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XH
RPU
#

T1B;W1T;VT^


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@S+#$V-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#`P

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO


F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U
M.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B









M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

C`Q-#QB

]


]
T1P




3!P

#%#.T%/0TPF(W@R
#%$.RD@9F]R('1H

#LR-BP@


T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3

M+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C

T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT
M97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#$E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

63H@)U1I;65S





3!P=#L@1D].

65M

#LR
M-RP@
C`Q

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,RPQ-C0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

3!P

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\
M='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

1494.B`S96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C@X.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$58

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
S
Y

6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH
RPU
#

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T



M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!
M0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M;&4]



T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T/D%M;W5N='


]
M


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E4


M(&9O;&QO=W


M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I








M1#`^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT



63H@

M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!724142#H@
30X+C

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.7!X.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SXH


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]


30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3XF(WA!


M(WA!



T0G

M;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@9&5F:6YE9!B96YE9FET('!E;G-I;VX@:71E;7,Z
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T




V5M.R!4

M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E

1494.B`S96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH.#@Y/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^




M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX-B!!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@9&5F:6YE9!P96YS:6]N(&ET96US
M+!N970@;V8@=&%X/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4


M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@

M
T0Q


M+B!3964@3F]T92`Q

F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B
M7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S)F930U
3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D8E]A834X7S-C9#)D8C(T.68Q-R]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES



@



]




T1T


3!P=#L@

M870@:7

@9&ER96-T


T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

T0V-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/EEE87(@96YD

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



#LR.PF(WA!,#LR,#$R/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T




T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$Q+#`W-SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

3`L-S(S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P







M92!T;R!T:&ES(')E;&%T960@96YT:71Y(&%G9W)E9V%T960@=&\@=&AE(&9O


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!T.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R


T0V.4@86QI9VX],T1C
M96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.3$E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@



M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR
M.3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]







M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'




]


]




T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@

M1#`@=VED=&@]
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\
M='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO

M;&4]



63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C,#`P,#`P(#%P=!S

M
#LF(WA!

#$T
M/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

C`Q


'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&




'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-S8L-C$Q/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY.PQ,C4\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D



X.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T1T


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1')I9VAT/C
T+#
Y
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3XF(WA!


M.B`C
#`P


T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^


T1T;W`^

M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
M

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@



M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\

M9R!F:7-C86P@
C`Q-P@,C`Q,R!A;F0@,C`Q,BP-B!R97-P96-T:79E;'D\




M(%-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=CX-

@3F5W(%)O

M;&5S+B!4:&4@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@:7






M3TQ
05!313I#3TQ

T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

#`P
#L@=VED
M=&@Z-#8N.3!P=#L@9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


30\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3XF(WA!

M(#(P
3

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


3(\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


@3F5W(%)O





M4F]M86XG/@T*(%!E86YU='
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ.XR/]T9#X-

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]





M#0H@4&5C86YS/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

3
N

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-2XY/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M

M


M86UI;'DZ5&EM97



'!T.R!F;VYT



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

3DN-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SX-B!786QN=71S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,BXP/]T



T0G


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
BXS/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

T1N

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]



#!E;3L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z+3$N,#!E;3L@9F]N=US



#L\+W1D/@T*

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M87`]

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M;W)D97(M=&]P.C$N

#`P
#`P)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@


2XP

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P



M

#`P


M='1O;3XF(WA!



#`P
#`P)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



#L\

T1B;W1T;VT^

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




7!X.SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R


P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^


RXP
'!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(WA!
#L\


RXP
'!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P)SXF(WA!
#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#`P

#`P








@04Y$(%)%4T525D53



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R










3$%04T4Z(&-O

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0V
24^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^




PP
M+#`I(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@5TE$5$@Z(#

M
#LF(WA!

M
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/D)A;&%N8V4F(WA!


M3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



M8W1I;VYS/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0C0T-%149&/@T*

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B`\8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[
M,C8L(#(P,30\+V(^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C

M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#XR,#D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;&4]

T1T



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C4U
#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ,PU
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M4F]M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$L.#@T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@T+#DQ-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!



M

T1T;W`^


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@V-#`\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$W-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T





T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(%1O=&%L/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP


M:'0^


#LF(WA!
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Q-BPP,#D\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


#L\+W1D/@T*


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


T0G1D].

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@



3

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A


M.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E


'!T
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX-B!!;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R(&1O
M=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


#LF
M(WA!
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!





M.B`G5&EM97

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XU-3`\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XY+#@Y.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@Y+#@Y.3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]


#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU-3`\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]






M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#$R
M
CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C0L
C4V/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.

M=V%N8V4\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT

#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M(WA!



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XX,34\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T



T1B;W1T;VT^






3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.


#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D

M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-PY-S`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

Y-#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

RPT-#
\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!


M9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



M.B`G5&EM97

M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z
M(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*(#QB/DIU;F4F(WA!


M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

T1B

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T)SXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M97



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XQ.34\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


#LF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]


#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M4F]M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#XS+#8S.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@S+#8Y
M-3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

3(L
3
P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


#LF(WA!
M

#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M='1O;3XF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP








M55!03$5-14Y405)9(%%505)415)
62!$051!(A5;F%U9&ET960I(A486)L
M97

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(V











$$P


M3U)$15(M0T]


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=VED=&@]
T0V-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T


M9V(H


6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ
M(')G8B@P+#`L

M/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


3!P=#L@

M

M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M97


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XR,C4L,3$T/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X


M13H@

M24XM3$5&5#H@


M9FET/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

CDL

M
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR
BPW.3D\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

S
L-S0Y/]T9#X-B`\

#LF(WA!
M

3!P

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ-BPS.30\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

S@\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

3(L
3
V/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CDL

#LF
M(WA!


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C8L-C`W/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

#LF(WA!
#L\

3!P=#L@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

#LF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XP+C@T/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XP+C
S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#XP+C8P/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T




M('-H87)E/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N-C$\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N.#
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N
S
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M



M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$N-3`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]

M)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T1B;W1T;VT@



T1B


7!T('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT



M96-O;F0\8G(@+SX-B!1=6%R=&5R/]B/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M/3-$


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB


T0G

T1T;W`^#0H@


#LR-RP@
C`Q
SH\
M+V(^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M4TE:13H@


M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C(Q-2PV,3D\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$V,RPX,34\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/C$W-RPS.3,\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS,PU-S
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR.2PX


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C$T+#0R-CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XQ
PP,#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@



M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M;CTS1')I9VAT/C4L-3@S/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XP


#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

#LF
M(WA!

M


T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^
M)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N
M
#
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`N-3$\+W1D/@T*

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E

'!T.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

1494.B`S
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M/C$N,#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M(WA!
#LF(WA!



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





'!X.R!#3TQ/

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,3)P=`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!T.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@




M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

T1T;W`@86QI9VX]








'0O:'1M



]



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
C`Q

#$T/&)R/E-E9VUE;G0\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-RP@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*



]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
#QS


T1T
M;W`^4F5C;W)D960@:6UP86ER;65N='


]




]


]







M
#`L



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M4')O8V5E9',@9G)O;2!S86QE(&]F(&QA;F0@86YD(&)U:6QD:6YG+!N970\


]




]





]



]




38L


]


]




]

@9F]R('5N8V5R=&%I;B!T


M)T=R96%T97(@=&AA;B`U


T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O9B!L:6ME;&EH;V]D

M(&ES(')E8V]R9&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


@=&AA;B`U






]



]
M





#QS



]



M:6-I97



]








\+W1D







]




]



]
T1N



\+W1D




M


]


]





]


M92!O9B!L86YD(&%N9!B=6EL9&EN9SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S











]




]

]
T1T97AT




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U
M.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J






]


3
\8G(^






]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
M
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF




M:78]

]
M


M:6=N:69I8V%N=!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S(T@17-T:6UA=&5D(%5S


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`R-BP@

]


]




]
T1T




M;F0@97%U:7!M96YT(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]
T1R;SX-


]
T1R

]
T1T97AT



]

T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!;365M
M8F5R72!\(%9E:&EC;&5S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




]
T1R


]
M

@86YD('-O9G1W87)E(%M-96UB




]


]

]
T1T97AT



]

]


]




]
T1T








@6TQI;F4@



]




]



65A<G




]




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

3AB







]

T1)1#!%6$)!0SX-




SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-BP@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]


]


]
M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M/5].97AT4&%R=%\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF
M



M;W)T(&ED/3-$240P14E%04


^

M
C8L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N
M+B`R-RP@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


]
M





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PT







C4X7S0S9&)?86$U
M.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


M=&EN9R!
96%S97


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


]


T1T;W`^
M2G5N92`S

M

M/3-$=&]P/DIU;F4@
CDL(#(P


#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



3D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@


F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A
M-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S)F930U


M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$4V04%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

@+2!#

;VYG


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]



]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@-#(L








]


^

M
C8L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N
M+B`R-RP@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R




]





3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D8E]A834X7S-C9#)D8C(T.68Q-PT*



]

M:60]


M(&-O;'-P86X]



C`Q

]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


F9E-#4Q
M.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)F930U
3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D8E]A834X7S-C9#)D


^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$580D%#

M/3-$




M86X]

#$T

M
C`Q

]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^












]



M/3-$
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

C`Q-#QB

#$S

]
T1R






]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#@V




]



]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#$S



MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y9C$W
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)F930U
3AB7S$R-3A?










@+2!!;G1I($1I;'5T:79E(%-T
M;V-K($]P=&EO;G
@17AC;'5D960@9G)O;2!#;VUP=71A=&EO;B!O9B!%87)N


SXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-BP@


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@








T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT960@



M0SHO
F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B

M:&5E='
O4VAE970U-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

@+2!#;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F($EN=F5N
M=&]R:65S(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S+!U;FQE











T1T





T1T;W`^5&]T86P\

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
34X



]


]
T1T

M1'1H/DIU;BX@

3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


M971S(%M


]



M+#`Y

]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-BPR


]

]
T1N=6UP



]



]





]



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V+#(P

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#8X.2D\




]



]

M86QI9VX]

97-S(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA



]



T1T;W`^0G)A;F0@;F%M
M97




\+W1D/@T*





]


]
T1N=6T^)`H.PP

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R
M-#EF




04
^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN





]





]


M9VEB;&4@07-S971S(%M




]
T1R



]


]

C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S
M8V0R9&(R-#EF


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

@+2!!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@26YT


@


]
M
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(V+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S


3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L



@6TUE;6)E





@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=

]




M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
M

O4VAE970U.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@+2!%



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


S`L(#(P






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^2G5N92`R.P@
M


M
T1T;W`^2G5N92`R-RP@


F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
M
C0Y9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)F930U
3AB




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\





M;6%T:6]N(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S+!U;FQE



T0Q/CPO=&@^


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



#$T




]
M


]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^4F5V;VQV:6YG(&QO86X@8V]M;6ET;65N=!A;F0@;&5T=&5R(&]F(&-R

]
T1T




]







]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#@P
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4L




]


]
T1T97AT/DIU;`Q-2P-@D)


]





M


]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]
M





]
M




]



]
T1N=6UP/C




]






]



]



]





]




;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF
M



]




C8L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-RP@
C`Q

#`X/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@






]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]
T1N=6T^*#
L
M


]




S


]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#0P


]
T1N=6UP/C
V+#`P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^36]R=&=A
M9V4@1F%C:6QI='D@5')A;F-H92!(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]

M(%M


]






T1T;W`^4V5L;6$L






]
M


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%M;W5N='





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF





]




]

T1T;W`^36]R=&=A9V4@1F%C:6QI='D@
M5')A;F-H92!!(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]






]
M



]







]




]



]

]






]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(Q

2!D871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y397`@

F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
M
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S)F930U
3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D8E]A834X7S-C9#)D8C(T.68Q-R]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$544D%)/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S




]

]

]

]

]

]

]

]

]



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(W

]

]

]

]

]



#@\8G(^36]R=&=A9V4@1F%C:6QI='D@

M+B`S

]


]

M=7)E(%M


]



]


]


]
M


]






T1T;W`^36]R=&=A9V4@1F%C:6QI

]
T1T



C




T1T;W`^26YT

]
T1T




]




]

]




]



]



]





]
T1T




]





M(#$Y+#`P



]


]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


M





]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



M9VX]


]



]

30L


]
T1R;SX-



]





]




]



]





]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]
T1T97AT







]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT


M;7`^


]


]





]






]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
C







F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
M
V-D
F1B
C0Y9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)F
M930U


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



3X\



#$S/&)R




]

]

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C
L



]

M;7`^
RPT





]



3D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@







F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
M
F1B
C0Y9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)F930U
M


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5/1$%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@





@;W1H

]
T1T

M1'1H/DIU;BX@

3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S

M86QI9VX]


]



M

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-S`T

M




]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#0X












]

]



M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
L-3

F9E-#4Q.&)?
M
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)F930U
3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D8E]A834X7S-C9#)D8C(T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$4U04%%/@T*

M



@870@4W1A='5T;W)Y($9E9&5R86P@



]


3






]




]
T1N=6UP
M/C



M+C


M8W)E9&ET/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C$P)2D\





M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+C0P)2D\


M/3-$=&]P/D-H86YG92!I;B!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@



]

]
M




M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y

O4VAE970V-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]


M

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


]



T



]
M


BPP




]
T1N=6UP/C8W



T1T;W`^3W1H97(\

]
T1N=6UP/C8R


]





]



]

M
3
L


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#DY/'-P86X^



]
T1N=6UP/C4L

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(P-3QS


T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C4L




]
T1R93X-

]
T1N

]


T1T;W`^3W1H97(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C



]


]






M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R
M9&(R-#EF


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O


]
M

]


]


]

]
M
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(W+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-BP@


#$T/&)R/DEL;&EN;VES

#$R/&)R/D-A;&EF;W)N:6$@6TUE







]





T1T;W`^3F5T(&-H
M86YG92!I;B!T:&4@=&]T86P@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO=&0^#0H@



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M




]









]



]




]



]
T1R




M1&YU;7`^
3



]


]
M






]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]


]





]


]





]


MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S
M9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF


T0G


04
^#0H@(`@(`\



]
M

]
T1T:#Y*




T1T;W`^

S


M;7`^


]




M



]



C



M;&EM:71A=&EO;G

]
T1N=6T^

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
M
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF




M:78]

]
M


M;F-O;64@5&%X97

@;W1H97)W:7-E


]



]
M






]
T1N=6UP/B0@


C4X
M7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF

M


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I
M97





C`Q


]


]




]





M0SHO
F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B

M:&5E='
O4VAE970W
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@+2!!

@=6YD

]



]


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^2G5N92`S
P@,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C



CDL(#(P







3D\




]
T1R;W4^

F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U
M.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)F930U
3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D8E]A834X7S-C9#)D8C(T.68Q



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R




M/3-$


#$R/&)R

CDL(#(P
3$\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S






M9VX]


]
T1R93X-



]

M('1O('1H92!C;&%I;7



]



]

M=6YC;&%I;65D('-E='1L96UE;G0@9G5N9'


]


3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D8E]A834X7S-C9#)D


]
M

T1)1#!%

]

]


3






T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G





T1T;W`^3F]N8W5M=6QA



]




]


]


]

]


]






]


T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H

T0R
M/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H


R!-;VYT:'

B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-BP@




C`Q


]


C8L(#(P


#$T/&)R

M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-BP@



]

M;BX@
C8L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN


]




]
M




]





]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M
#`P+#`P


]





]







]





]




]





]



]



]



]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1T







]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^


]


]
T1T97AT



]
M






]
T1T97AT



]
M








]





]



@9W)A;G1E9#PO=&0^

]



]






]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M

]
M




]





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1T



]



]



]


]
T1T97AT






]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]




]
T1T



]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1T



@=F5S=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


BPU



]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]



]


]




]




]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF





]



M;G


M/3-$
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

C`Q-#QB

#$S


]

]




]


]






M


]


]


BXS


]



@
R!M;VYT:'
@


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S
M8V0R9&(R-#EF

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O



M96YS871I;VX@4&QA;G
@+2!3=6UM87)Y(&]F(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;B!!8W1I


M

C8L(#(P



]



]
T1N=6UP/C$Q


M86QI9VX]


]
T1N=6T^*#0Y+#4P

]


]
T1R;SX-







T1T


]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S(N


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3




]
M

B!Y


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D5X97)C:7-A8FQE+!796EG:'1E9!!=F5R86=E(%)E




]
M



]
T1P

]


]

]

C4X7S0S9&)?
M86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M




]
T1T:#Y*


M960@0V]S='



]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M-3


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
2PR






M=!I9#TS1$E$,$4V2D%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]


^
M


3

]


M9B!.;VYV97-T960@4W1O8VL@3W!T:6]N($%C=&EV:71Y(%M
:6YE($ET96US

]






]



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5F5S
M=&5D+!S:&%R97





]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C(U


]
T1T97AT








]

]



]




]



]


C4X
M7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]




]

M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





]


]


M0V]S='




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]

]


]

]
M





]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]


T1T;W`^4F%N9V4@
2!;


]

]
T1T97AT



T1T;W`^4F%N9V4@
2!;365M8F5R72!\


]

]




T1T;W`^4F%N9V4@






]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F(&]P=&EO;G,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C
U+#4P


]


M



S0L





]

M(%M

M86QI9VX]



T1T;W`^4F%N9V4@
B!;


]

]
T1T97AT




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R
M9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF



M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



@+2!3=6UM


]
T1T:#Y*


M960@0V]S='




34L

]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5F5S=&5D+!3
M:&%R97


]

M;G5M/B@S+#4P


]

M97

]
M


M



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(N-S0\




]


M-BXR



]

]


]

C@L(#(P
3(\



]




]





]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@



F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y9C$W#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)F930U
3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D

N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$



M0V%S:!$:79I9&5N9',@+2!!9&1I=&EO;F%L($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(A$971A

R!-;VYT
M:'

M/3-$
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

C`Q
SQB

#$R

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(X




]



]
T1R;SX-




]









]
T1T97AT





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M

]
M




]





]



]
T1T97AT/D]C=`R.2P-@D)
C`Q
SQS


3


]

]
T1T



]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]




]





]
T1T



]



M
T1T;W`^1&EV:61E;F0@4&%Y86)L92!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S
M9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF




T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]




]

T0Q/CPO=&@^

T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N

M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C


3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-BP@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

M/D9E8BX@
#$L(#(P
3



]





]
T1T


M1&YU;7`^-S$N



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`P
M+#`P

]
2!P97)I;V0\+W1D/@T*



]


]








]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P






]


M


#$T/&)R



]







]

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=!O





]



]
T1R




]





'0O:'1M;#L@


]



]


3
\8G(^


T1T;W`^-#`Q*&LI(%M-
M96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M

]
T1T97AT



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^-#`Q*&LI('!L86X@97AP96YS93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

]
T1N=6UP/B0@





















M930U





]

T1)1#!%


^

M;BX@
C8L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M2G5N+B`R-RP@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F5N969I=!O
M8FQI9V%T:6]N(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




T1T;W`^4V5R=FEC92!C

C




\


]
T1N
M=6UP/C4W

M86QI9VX]





T1T;W`^0F5N969I='
@

]
T1N=6T^*#8U-2D\







3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D8E]A834X7S-C9#)D8C(T.68Q-PT*



]

M:60]
T1)1#!%


M9V%T:6]N(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S+!U;FQE




]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(V+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C


3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H



M86P@1V%I;B!
;W-S($EN(%!R;VIE8W1E9!96YE9FET($]B;&EG871I;VX@

]
M





]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#(S/'-P86X^


]



]

@

]
T1T97AT

M=&]P/D]T:&5R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.2D\

M-3






M;&4Z+R\O0SHO
F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y9C$W

O4VAE970Y

M

04


^
3(@

C8L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-RP@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO



T1T;W`^

M(#
R



]
T1N=6UP/C4W





]


]







'0O:'1M



]

3(@36]N=&AS

C8L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-RP@
C`Q


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F5N969I=!/8FQI9V%T:6]N(%M-
M96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]
T1T97AT




]


M97



]

]
T1T97AT






M0SHO
F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Y
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

@=&\@



]


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(W+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

C@L(#(P




M4&QA;G

@








]
T1N=6UP/C4N-3$E


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





T1T;W`^0F]N=7







F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
M
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B

O4VAE970Y
RYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M;65N=!0;&%N(T@0F5N969I='

M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-BP@
C`Q-#QB

]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C8U


]




M

M=&]P/C(P


T1T;W`^
M
C`R

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
RPP-S

M7S)F930U
3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D8E]A834X7S-C9#)D8C(T.68Q-PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)


C`Q

M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$




]



]


]



]

M




]

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y

O4VAE970Y-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

3(@36]N=&AS

C8L(#(P





]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
M
C4X7S0S9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF




M:78]

]
M




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`R-BP@

]










]


]

C(V/'-P86X^

]

S



]

]

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
M

O4VAE970Y-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M;'-P86X]


M

C`Q

]



M




]







]





]




]







]







F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y
M9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)F930U
3AB7S$R




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C


@+2!!9&1I=&EO;F%L($EN



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*



@

F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
M
V-D
F1B
C0Y9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)F
M930U


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`R-BP@



]

@6T%B

]
T1T






2PT

M930U






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-BP@
C`Q-#QB

#$S


]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@

C4X7S0S9&)?
M86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF




]



]

M


#$T/&)R

]


M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`R

]
T1T:#Y$96
N


]
T1T

M1'1H/DIU;BX@
C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


M:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M


]




]



]
T1R;SX-


#(L-3(P/'-P

C4L



M







]
T1T




]




]



]



]




]





]

]

]




]
T1T



]




]





]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

3DS
M+#$X




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]






]



]

\+W1D/@T*



]





]





]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]
T1T97AT



]
M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\R9F4T-3$X8E\Q
C4X7S0S
M9&)?86$U.%\S8V0R9&(R-#EF






]




^
3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

C8L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-RP@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]




]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
V+C`P)3QS

]


]







T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G



]
T1N=6UP/C


F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B
M7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S)F930U
3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D8E]A834X7S-C9#)D8C(T.68Q-R]7;W)K



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



]


M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R


T1T;W`^


]
M





]
T1N=6UP/C$P


#`N


]



T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP/C$X

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4&5C86YS(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


]







]



T1T;W`^0V%S


]


]



]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(P+C
P)3QS

]





]


BXP

@6TUE;6)E





:6YE($ET

]
T1T97AT







]





M






M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




M(&-O;'-P86X]



C`Q

]

]



]


]




3(L
3

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-BPP
#DI/'-P86X^

30L
SDT

]









]







]





\+W1D/@T*


]





T1T;W`^0F%L86YC


]

]





]






]
T1N



]


]





]





]



M


]
T1N
M=6UP/C4L









]
T1N
M=6UP/C(L







]


]



]
T1P

]



]


T1T;W`^061D:71I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]
M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
F9E-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
M
F1B

O4VAE970Q




^+RH@1&\@


$4V









]
T1T:#Y$96


]


3(\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R-RP@
C`Q
M

M

C`Q

]




]





]





CDQ/'-P86X^





S0L
S



]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C
V


]


]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C$R


3DL

M;7`^


]


3(L
3




BPS
C@\

M


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
R+#DW


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@




]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PU.#

T




M-3


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M











M+C



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@











]

T1)1#!%5T4^#0H@(`@(`\

M($9I;F%N8VEA;!$871A(A087)E;G1H971I8V%L*2`H1&5T86EL*2`H55-$

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/C

C8L
M(#(P



]


@9'5E('1O

M97


F9E
M-#4Q.&)?
3(U.%\T
V1B7V%A-3A?
V-D
F1B
C0Y9C$W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S)F930U
3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D8E]A834X7S-C


M;&YS.F\]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


T0B4VAE970P
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C`N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,C,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R
M.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
CDN:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970S,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#,V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970T,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL

M:&5E=#0X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T.2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970U
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3
N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4W+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#8P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970V-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C4N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Y
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970W
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E

T0B4VAE970W
M

T0B4VAE970W.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#@Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X,BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970X-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#8N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970X.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T.#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DP+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#DS+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y-YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DV+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970Y-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DY+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$P,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`R
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970Q

C
3AB7S$R-3A?-#-D8E]A834X7S-C9#)D8C(T.68Q-RTM#0H`
`
end











    
  
      

          

        
        

      






 2014

          











        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        

806
000
        
        


        
        
        

175
000
        


        

000
000
        
        
        


        

641
000
        
        
        


Proceeds from sale of land and building
 net
        
        

000
        


        
        
        

000
        


        
        

526
000

000

000)


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        






        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 Depreciation expense for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Depreciation expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 
 


Estimated Useful Lives of Property
 Plant and Equipment
        

 Cost is depreciated using the straight-line method over the
 following estimated useful lives:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 

 
 




 Buildings

 
 


 




 Machinery and equipment

 
 
 
 




 Furniture and leasehold improvements

 
 
 
 




 Vehicles

 
 
 
 




 Computers and software

 
 
 
 


 


        
        

 The amortization of deferred financing costs
 which is classified
 in interest expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
 income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Amortization of deferred financing costs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 The net rental expense from the office building is included in the
 caption &#x201C;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&#x201D;. Gross
 rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal
 years are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Gross rental income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Rental (expense)
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 


        
        

 Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within
 the office building is as follows for the fiscal years ending:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 June&#xA0;25
 2015

 
 


 




 June 30
 2016

 
 


 




 June 29
 2017

 
 


 




 June 28
 2018

 
 
 
 




 June 27
 2019

 
 
 
 




 Thereafter

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value
 estimate of our long term debt
 including current maturities:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 




 Carrying value of long-term debt:

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Fair value of long-term debt:

 
 


 
 
 


 


 


Marketing and Advertising Expenses
 Recorded in Selling Expenses
        

 The majority of marketing costs and substantially all advertising
 costs are incurred to promote and support branded products in the
 consumer distribution channel. These costs are generally expensed
 as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for
 the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Marketing and advertising expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 
 


        
        

 Shipping and handling costs for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Shipping and handling costs

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 
 


        
        

 Research and development expense represents the cost of our
 research and development personnel and their related expenses and
 is charged to selling expenses as incurred. Research and
 development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Research and development expense

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted
 average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted
 earnings per share:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 

&#xA0;2013
 
 
 

&#xA0;2012
 




 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &#x2014; basic

 
 

033

 
 
 

863

 
 
 

726

 




 Effect of dilutive securities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Stock options and restricted stock units

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &#x2014; diluted

 
 

132

 
 
 

992

 
 
 

828

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock
 options excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per
 share:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 

&#xA0;2013
 
 
 

&#xA0;2012
 




 Weighted average number of anti-dilutive shares:

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Weighted average exercise price:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 recorded in selling expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by antidilutive securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 identification of terms
 features
 and collateral requirements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 Business

 Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of John
 B. Sanfilippo&#xA0;&amp; Son
 Inc.
 and our wholly-owned
 subsidiaries
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC and
 Sanfilippo (Shanghai) Trading Co. Ltd. Our fiscal year ends on the
 last Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists of
 fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week quarters). The accompanying
 consolidated financial statements and related footnotes are
 presented in accordance with accounting principles generally
 accepted in the United States of America (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;).

 We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 and tree nuts in the United States. These nuts are sold under a

 Orchard Valley
 brand names. We also market
 and distribute
 and in most cases manufacture or process
 a diverse
 product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 nut
 clusters
 sunflower kernels
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame
 sticks and other sesame snack products under private brands and
 brand names. Our products are sold through the major distribution
 channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 contract packaging customers and
 international customers.
 


        
        

 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
 the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for
 customer deductions
 the quantity and valuation of bulk
 inventories
 the evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets
 and the realizability of deferred tax assets. Actual results could
 differ from those estimates.
 


        
        

 

 Accounts receivable are stated at the amounts charged to customers
 less allowances for doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated
 cash discounts and customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful
 accounts is calculated by specifically identifying customers that
 are credit risks and estimating the extent that other
 non-specifically identified customers will become credit risks.
 Account balances are charged off against the allowance when we
 conclude that it is probable the receivable will not be recovered.
 The reserve for estimated cash discounts is based on historical
 experience. The reserve for customer deductions represents known
 customer short payments and an estimate of future credit memos that
 will be issued to customers related to rebates and allowances for
 marketing and promotions based on agreed upon programs and
 historical experience.
 


        
        

 

 Inventories
 which consist principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market
 which approximates actual cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at
 least quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews and other nuts may affect the
 value of inventory
 gross profit and gross profit margin. When
 expected market sales prices move below costs
 we record
 adjustments to write down the carrying values of inventories to the
 lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market. The results of our
 shelling process can also result in changes to inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus expected crop
 yields. We maintain significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell
 pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 are determined based on our inventory systems and are subject to
 quarterly physical verification techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The quantities of each crop year
 bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to
 fifteen month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates are
 also recorded.
 


Property
 Plant and Equipment
        


 Plant and Equipment

 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Major
 improvements that extend the useful life
 add capacity
 or add
 functionality are capitalized and charged to expense through
 depreciation. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense
 as incurred. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold
 or retired are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain
 or loss is recognized currently in operating income.

 &#xA0;

 Depreciation expense for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Depreciation expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 Cost is depreciated using the straight-line method over the
 following estimated useful lives:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 

 
 




 Buildings

 
 


 




 Machinery and equipment

 
 
 
 




 Furniture and leasehold improvements

 
 
 
 




 Vehicles

 
 
 
 




 Computers and software

 
 
 
 



 No interest costs were capitalized for the last three fiscal years
 due to the lack of any significant project.
 


        
        

 

 An asset is classified as held for sale when (i)&#xA0;management
 commits to a plan to sell and it is actively marketed
 (ii)&#xA0;it
 is available for immediate sale and the sale is expected to be
 completed within one year and (iii)&#xA0;it is unlikely significant
 changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be
 withdrawn. Assets held for sale may exceed one year due to events
 or circumstances beyond our control. Recoverability is also
 assessed and assets held for sale are reported at the lower of
 carrying value or fair-value less costs to sell. Assets classified
 as held for sale are no longer depreciated and are reported on a
 separate line on the balance sheet.
 


        
        

 

 We review held and used long-lived assets
 including our rental
 investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows
 whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that
 the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such
 events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
 expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the
 asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long lived asset
 or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of
 future cash flows derived from the most recent business
 projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair
 value.

 We did not record any impairment of long-lived assets for the last
 three fiscal years.
 


        
        

 

 Deferred financing costs are incurred to obtain long-term financing
 and are amortized using the effective interest method over the term
 of the related debt. The amortization of deferred financing costs
 which is classified in interest expense in the consolidated
 statement of comprehensive income
 was as follows for the last
 three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Amortization of deferred financing costs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 

 In April 2005
 we acquired property to be used for the Elgin Site.
 Two buildings are located on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an
 office building. Approximately 74% of the office building is
 currently vacant. The other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and
 modified for use as our principal processing facility and
 headquarters. The allocation of the purchase price to the two
 buildings was determined through a third party appraisal. The value
 assigned to the office building is included in rental investment
 property on the balance sheet. The value assigned to the warehouse
 building is included in &#x201C;Property
 plant and
 equipment&#x201D;.

 &#xA0;

 The net rental expense from the office building is included in the
 caption &#x201C;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&#x201D;. Gross
 rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal
 years are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Gross rental income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Rental (expense)
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 



 Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within
 the office building is as follows for the fiscal years ending:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 June&#xA0;25
 2015

 
 


 




 June 30
 2016

 
 


 




 June 29
 2017

 
 


 




 June 28
 2018

 
 
 
 




 June 27
 2019

 
 
 
 




 Thereafter

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 



 On March&#xA0;28
 2006
 our wholly-owned subsidiary JBSS
 Properties
 LLC acquired title by quitclaim deed to the site that
 was originally purchased in Elgin
 Illinois (the &#x201C;Old Elgin
 Site&#x201D;) for our facility consolidation project and also
 entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the
 &#x201C;Agreement&#x201D;) with the City of Elgin (the
 &#x201C;City&#x201D;). In the third quarter of fiscal 2013
 JBSS
 Properties
 LLC transferred all of its properties and agreements to
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC. Under the terms of the Agreement
 the City
 assigned to us their remaining rights and obligations under a
 development agreement entered into by and among the Company
 certain related party partnerships and the City (the
 &#x201C;Development Agreement&#x201D;). We incurred $6
806 of gross
 costs under the Development Agreement
 and had a carrying value of
 $6
175 at June&#xA0;27
 2013. These costs were recorded as
 &#x201C;Assets held for sale&#x201D; at June&#xA0;27
 2013.

 On December&#xA0;26
 2013 (the second quarter of fiscal 2014)
 we
 completed the sale of the Old Elgin Site. The sales price was
 $8
000 and resulted in a pre-tax gain of $1
641.

 In September 2012
 we completed the sale of land and a building
 where we owned and operated a retail store in Barrington
 Illinois.
 Proceeds from the sale were $870
 net of expenses of $45
 and
 resulted in a pre-tax gain of $660 which is recorded in
 &#x201C;Administrative expenses&#x201D; for the year ended
 June&#xA0;27
 2013.
 


        
        

 

 Authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board (&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;) defines fair value as the price that
 would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
 an orderly transaction between market participants on the
 measurement date. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy
 that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure
 fair value into three broad levels:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 


 
 

 accessible at the measurement date for identical assets and



 
 


 
 

 active markets. For example
 quoted prices for similar assets or
 liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets



 
 


 
 





 The carrying values of cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts
 payable approximate their fair values at June&#xA0;26
 2014 and
 June&#xA0;27
 2013 because of the short-term maturities and nature
 of these balances.

 The carrying value of our Credit Facility (as defined in Note 4 in
 the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#x201C;Revolving
 Credit Facility&#x201D; below) borrowings approximates fair value at
 June&#xA0;26
 2014 and June&#xA0;27
 2013 because interest rates on
 this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2
 criteria)
 the short term maturity and nature of this balance. In
 addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent
 credit risk.

 &#xA0;

 The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value
 estimate of our long term debt
 including current maturities:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 




 Carrying value of long-term debt:

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Fair value of long-term debt:

 
 


 
 
 


 



 The estimated fair value of long-term debt was determined using a
 market approach based upon Level 2 observable inputs
 which
 estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on
 loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or
 broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes
 in the underlying assets securing our long-term debt
 other than
 the sale of the Old Elgin Site discussed above.
 


        
        

 

 We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 exists
 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price
 is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured. We
 sell our products under some arrangements which include customer
 contracts which fix the sales price for periods
 typically of up to
 one year
 for some industrial customers and through specific
 programs consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer
 rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer
 customers and commercial ingredient users. Reserves for these
 programs are established based upon the terms of specific
 arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of rebates and promotion
 and marketing allowances. Revenues are also recorded net of
 expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past
 experiences. While customers do have the right to return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product returns have been
 insignificant. Provisions for returns are reflected as a reduction
 in net sales and are estimated based upon customer specific
 circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling costs are
 included in revenues.
 


        
        

 

 We operate in a single reportable operating segment that consists
 of selling various nut and nut related products through multiple
 distribution channels.
 


        
        

 

 The highly competitive nature of our business provides an
 environment for the loss of customers and the opportunity to gain
 new customers. We are subject to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts receivable
 and we attempt to mitigate
 this risk through our credit evaluation process
 collection terms
 and through geographical dispersion of sales. Sales to three
 customers each exceeded 10% of net sales during fiscal 2014 and
 2013. There were two customers in fiscal 2012 that each had sales
 exceeding 10% of net sales. Sales to these customers represented
 approximately 46%
 48% and 36% of our net sales in fiscal 2014
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. Net accounts receivable
 from these customers were 55% and 49% of net accounts receivable at
 June&#xA0;26
 2014 and June&#xA0;27
 2013
 respectively.
 


Promotion
 Marketing and Advertising Costs
        


 Marketing and Advertising Costs

 Promotion allowances
 customer rebates and marketing allowances are
 recorded at the time revenue is recognized and are reflected as
 reductions in sales. Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon
 projected volumes for the year
 while promotion and marketing
 allowances are recorded based upon terms of the actual
 arrangements. Coupon incentive costs are accrued based on estimates
 of product sold to retailers at our measurement date and an
 estimate of redemptions to occur.

 The majority of marketing costs and substantially all advertising
 costs are incurred to promote and support branded products in the
 consumer distribution channel. These costs are generally expensed
 as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for
 the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Marketing and advertising expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 

 Shipping and handling costs
 which include freight and other
 expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in
 selling expenses. Shipping and handling costs for the last three
 fiscal years were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Shipping and handling costs

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 

 Research and development expense represents the cost of our
 research and development personnel and their related expenses and
 is charged to selling expenses as incurred. Research and
 development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Research and development expense

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 


        
        

 

 We account for stock-based employee compensation arrangements in
 accordance with the provisions of ASC&#xA0;718 by calculating
 compensation cost based on the grant date fair value. We then
 amortize compensation expense over the vesting period on a straight
 line basis. We estimate the fair value of each stock option on the
 date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 discounted by an estimated forfeiture rate (using the risk-free
 interest rate
 expected term
 expected volatility
 and dividend
 yield variables). The grant date fair value of RSUs is determined
 based on the market price of our Common Stock on the date of
 grant.
 


        
        

 

 We account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach
 that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
 liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that
 have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such
 items give rise to differences in the financial reporting and tax
 basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded
 to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more
 likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be
 realized. Any investment tax credits are accounted for by using the
 flow-through method
 whereby the credits are reflected as
 reductions of tax expense in the year they are recognized in the
 financial statements. In estimating future tax consequences
 we
 consider all expected future events other than changes in tax law
 or rates.

 We record liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on a
 two-step process. The first step is recognition
 where we evaluate
 whether an individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than
 50% of being sustained upon examination based on the technical
 merits of the position
 including resolution of any related appeals
 or litigation processes. For tax positions that are currently
 estimated to have a less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no
 tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the
 recognition threshold in the first step
 we perform the second step
 of measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits
 ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future
 periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may
 require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates with
 regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and
 measurement estimates are recorded in results of operations and
 financial position in the period in which such changes occur.

 We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized
 tax benefits in the income tax expense /(benefit) caption in the
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.

 We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering
 our historical taxable income and future taxable income based upon
 the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&#xA0;26
 2014
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $175 of basis differences for which we have provided a
 valuation allowance.
 


        
        

 

 Basic earnings per common share are calculated using the weighted
 average number of shares of Common Stock and Class&#xA0;A Stock
 outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects
 the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other
 contracts to issue Common Stock were exercised or converted into
 Common Stock or resulted in the issuance of Common Stock.

 &#xA0;

 The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted
 average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted
 earnings per share:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &#x2014; basic

 
 

033

 
 
 

863

 
 
 

726

 




 Effect of dilutive securities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Stock options and restricted stock units

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &#x2014; diluted

 
 

132

 
 
 

992

 
 
 

828

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock
 options excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per
 share:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Weighted average number of anti-dilutive shares:

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Weighted average exercise price:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        

 

 We account for comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic
 220
. This topic establishes standards
 for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its
 components in a full set of general-purpose financial statements.
 The topic requires that all components of comprehensive income be
 reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same
 prominence as other financial statements. This topic also requires
 all non-owner changes in stockholders&#x2019; equity be presented in
 either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in
 two separate but consecutive statements. This guidance also
 requires presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented
 or in the notes and information about significant amounts required
 under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other
 comprehensive income in their entirety. For amounts not required to
 be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 we provide a
 cross-reference to other disclosures that offer additional details
 about those amounts.
 


        
        

 

 In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2013-02

 Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.
 new guidance requires presentation by the respective line items of
 net income
 either on the face of the statement where net income is
 presented or in the notes and information about significant amounts
 required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated
 other comprehensive income in their entirety. For amounts not
 required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an
 entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures that
 provide additional details about those amounts. This guidance is
 effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December&#xA0;15
 2012
 and interim periods within those annual periods. We adopted
 this update in the first quarter of fiscal 2014. The update only
 affects the presentation of comprehensive income and does not
 impact what is included in comprehensive income
 and therefore the
 adoption of this update did not have an impact on our financial
 position
 results of operations or cash flows.

 In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2014-08

 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations
 and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity
 update changes the threshold for reporting discontinued operations
 and adds new disclosures. The update defines a discontinued
 operation as a disposal of a component or group of components that
 is disposed of or is classified as held for sale and
 &#x201C;represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major
 effect on an entity&#x2019;s operations and financial
 results.&#x201D; For disposals of individually significant
 components that do not qualify as discontinued operations
 an
 entity must disclose pre-tax earnings of the disposed component.
 For public business entities
 this guidance is effective
 prospectively for all disposals (or classifications as held for
 sale) of components of an entity that occur within annual periods
 beginning on or after December&#xA0;15
 2014
 and interim periods
 within those years. Early adoption is permitted
 but only for
 disposals (or classifications as held for sale) that have not been
 reported in financial statements previously issued or available for
 issuance. The Company does not expect the adoption of this update
 to have a material impact on our financial position
 results of
 operations or cash flows.

 &#xA0;

 In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
 ASU 2014-09
 and
 created a new ASC Topic 606

 Customers
 and added ASC Subtopic 340-40

 Deferred Costs&#x2014;Contracts with Customers
 this update supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC
 Topic 605
 
 and most industry-specific
 guidance throughout the industry topics of the codification. Under
 the new guidance
 an entity should recognize revenue to depict the
 transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount
 that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be
 entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance
 will be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2017.
 This guidance can be adopted either retrospectively to each prior
 reporting period presented
 or retrospectively with a
 cumulative-effect adjustment recognized as of the date of adoption.
 The Company is currently assessing the impact of this new guidance
 on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.

 In June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2014-12

 for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a
 Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service
 Period (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force).
 This guidance requires a performance target that affects vesting
 and that could be achieved after the requisite service period to be
 treated as a performance condition. The current accounting standard
 for stock-based compensation as it applies to awards with
 performance conditions should be applied. This guidance is
 effective for fiscal years
 including interim reporting periods
 beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2015. Early adoption is
 permitted. This update will be effective for the Company beginning
 in fiscal year 2017. The Company is currently assessing the impact
 of this guidance
 but does not anticipate it will have a material
 impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash
 flows.
 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding retail land sales. The entity also may disclose its treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


Accounts payable
 related party payables
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


Total intangible assets
 gross

090

090


        
        
        


        

844)

215)


        

246

875



          

        
        


        
        
        


Total intangible assets
 gross

600

600


        
        
        


        

203)

689)



          

        
        


        
        
        


Total intangible assets
 gross

400

400


        
        
        


        

582)

501)



          

        
        


        
        
        


Total intangible assets
 gross

090

090


        
        
        


        

059)

025)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

649

648

062




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 Inventories consist of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 




 Raw material and supplies

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Work-in-process and finished goods

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 Intangible assets subject to amortization consist of the
 following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 




 Customer relationships

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Non-compete agreement

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Brand names

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total intangible assets
 gross

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Less accumulated amortization:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Customer relationships

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Non-compete agreement

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Brand names

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total accumulated amortization

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net intangible assets

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 Total amortization expense related to intangible assets
 which is
 classified in administrative expense in the consolidated statement
 of comprehensive income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Amortization of intangible assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 Expected amortization expense for the next five fiscal years is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 June 25
 2015

 
 


 




 June 30
 2016

 
 


 




 June 29
 2017

 
 


 




 June 28
 2018

 
 


 




 June 27
 2019

 
 


 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets
 that lack physical substance
 having a limited useful life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

287

760

122


        

278

717

117


(Gain) loss on disposition of properties
 net

526)
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

105
        
        


Change in assets and liabilities
 net of business acquired:
        
        
        


Accounts receivable
 net

231)
        

836)


        

124)

322)

446)


        

136
        
        


        
        

527

784


        

434)

696)

442


        

669)
        

003)


        

153

356
        


Other
 net
        
        
        


        

950

753

905


        
        
        
        


Purchases of property
 plant and equipment

928)

207)

531)


        

879
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

056)

379)

186)


        
        
        
        


        

910

059

727


        

235)

040)

864)


        

340)

575)

309)


        

362
        
        


        

599)

889)
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

702)


        
        

219
        


        
        
        
        


        

844)

999)

581)


        

050

625)

138


Cash
 beginning of period
        

459

321


Cash
 end of period

884
        

459


        
        
        
        


        

046

131

011


Income taxes paid
 excluding refunds of $292
 $14
 and $565
 respectively

366

135

383




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent assets and liabilities
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets and liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent liabilities
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.  Includes repayments of (a) debt
 (b) capital lease obligations
 (c) mandatory redeemable capital securities
 and (d) any combination of (a)
 (b)
 or (c).
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 Long-term debt consists of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26

 2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 2013
 




 Mortgage Facility (&#x201C;Tranche A&#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly principal installments of $200 plus
 interest at 7.63%&#xA0;per annum through February 2023 with a final
 principal payment of $600 on March&#xA0;1
 2023

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Mortgage Facility (&#x201C;Tranche B&#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly principal installments of $50 plus
 interest at the greater of one month LIBOR plus 3.75%&#xA0;per
 annum or 4.50% through February 2023 with a final principal payment
 of $150 on March&#xA0;1
 2023

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Selma
 Texas facility financing obligation to related parties
 due
 in monthly installments of $121 through September&#xA0;1
 2031

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Less: Current maturities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total long-term debt

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 



 


        
        

 Aggregate maturities of long-term debt are as follows for the
 fiscal years ending:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 June&#xA0;25
 2015

 
 


 




 June 30
 2016

 
 


 




 June 29
 2017

 
 


 




 June 28
 2018

 
 


 




 June 27
 2019

 
 


 




 Thereafter

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      






















        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

599

889
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

599
        
        


Dividends payable date
 declared day
        
        

				 2013
        
        


        
        
        

				05
				 2013
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

889
        


Dividends payable date
 declared day
        
        
        

				 2012
        


        
        
        
        

				 2012
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 The following summarizes net sales by distribution channel for the
 fiscal years ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
June&#xA0;26

 2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 2012
 




 Consumer *

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Commercial Ingredients

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Contract Packaging

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Export

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 primarily
 brand
 were approximately 31%
 30% and 29% of
 total consumer channel sales during fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012



 


        
        

 The following summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of
 total gross sales. The information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments
 such as
 promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product types
 for the
 fiscal year ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
June&#xA0;26

 2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 2012
 




 Peanuts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Pecans

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cashews &amp; Mixed Nuts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Walnuts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Almonds

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

033
310

863
064

726
004


        
        
        
        


        

037

933

508


        

132
347

992
997

828
512




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


June 25
 2015

320


June 30
 2016

187


June 29
 2017

038


June 28
 2018
        


June 27
 2019
        


        
        


        

246




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

884
        


Accounts receivable
 less allowances of $3
210 and $2
628
 respectively

800

509


        

830

706


        

484

723


        

376

843


        
        

175


        

374

790


PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT:
        
        


        

285

285


        

796

424


        

694

549


        

363

363


        
        
        


        

901

207


Property
 plant and equipment gross

507

352


        

684

928


Property
 plant and equipment net

823

424


Rental investment property
 less accumulated depreciation of $7
262 and $6
470
 respectively

631

423


TOTAL PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

454

847


        
        
        


        

811

405


        
        
        


Intangible assets
 net

246

875


        

611

744


        
        
        


        

542

867


Current maturities of long-term debt
 including related party debt of $348 and $321
 respectively

349

690


Accounts payable
 including related party payables of $232 and $290
 respectively

907

741


        

414

052


        

099

855


        

920

593


        

231

798


        
        
        


Long-term debt
 less current maturities
 including related party debt of $11
916 and $12
264
 respectively

666

665


        

372

615


        

515

362


        

553

642


        

784

440


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

305

132


        

118

430


        

503)

164)


Treasury stock
 at cost; 117
900 shares of Common Stock

204)

204)


        

827

304


        

611

744



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        






        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment
 before rental investment property.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 less accumulated depreciation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be honored by the bank but reflected as a loan to the entity. Overdrafts generally have a very short time frame for correction or repayment and are therefore more similar to short-term bank financing than trade financing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding land held for sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 22
 23
 24
 25
 26
 27
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Significant Accounting Policies - Estimated Useful Lives of Property
 Plant and Equipment (Detail)

        

      







          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


        

164)


        

454)


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

503)




        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001193125-14-323643-xbrl.zip

#$T
#8R-BYX

X=GY/5?Z#XH=4



MHZ*

O_X+0Z.9F%&1IJF8S]3+Z^UC-5!Z7:O0Q
MU4^

I/?J[B$FX?3:`=ER-B888L

M]^-3G+Z

MD2S8.:ONO-179UONGR7IGYJ^U_OU#[7[OU-S-Y927IBKRUN3(F
$V]L:4]WQ

E0U?
MT(V8E/4V+:#SB^IB[=9DXZVBNC59WEJ43_EFG/J*;@:N-V


EWF+YN?65S4
MC]'&8_


M`5`*NY_)4M1X;E[F6YH&5\]`?8Q&1H'




&:2D%O'%M*10B;N@YBPA?(T
.WY4N

M*O*'[/C-.@)G\H[8:KB0LA3'RO?H-7EP'8





VMHXSA39P&W?A:_SL%H4JVUBJD_
9MEW











0:@_IN/L47W*




;@312-IJ-AVPV47E1)7].)3[ONN$
MC`:2IV

Y1%D
M@W+:[329^Z#WP9.9_`SQ+XQ;FTNZCK450Y\P8+AF/K:$8W!^R9,FV.ERC+

VFB(\I2'SN6<YMHU88$L]D8N1RWT.TDE\S;Y\0!(G3F4X!VK]'P=F-
VI+W(I.E?6(4J#.TW&%.%CM94X:EI



MAG/;`4AC==
\F4W


MNOH'Z$F=H39N^S3+]4Z!(0J%GI!OAN#=`=69T%Y06F;YBQYJQ8.::
]`&XL_
MLOQ/X]:/U6)=V3(1=$J)B*+(I0%!-H
HG?G
1E[D.
B.(FY3$`&(Q*J93-NV








M/-\/4(2M

MIQ#=A0)YPHJ0@WU


9S_!?





TZN+L6PGN.*LT3DR
P2VI
M
&ZC8.28M?

=RHR7AS+C_[^'
A]&6CL=RFR6R7!S*+-\[T.9]_WHXM5F


OEZ?N(A)I





+!PBT[IGQ(W

M$F\NJ=D!9]SJ*/7*G&\4Q[1L6[N
;=[:(^U]JR]S*
K8#WCN&_?L\&29HN


I^KWFK$.1M=



MO
1QHRB

M](%+G&_0A^QVYG4


M):O/BQ]WF]TJY\E.'XM&?ASQD'I.X/G8W

V
:U]$

+:;78Q/
+-]7:]:J2LL%C
M1668TLEPPI7F#,Q%`,<FB%2)0EQ`LI%[&FE5.H`DK)^<7'K]KI/[79KYQ


MT/?VX6*[?843

M=666Y!4$]B7;0CGSL$ITG


ZAH;7F?
S0-%-:/^XV:(S

6#\[0E.YLETQ-H[[QG


TXI6VR.LPAMUZ7ICA6D[/O%DFJ*`[


M
J_
%NR`K')_
76!PK8.)FN)Q77%AS.U.`IE?FI-34_*=:T^/GX#S.*-_BQ+
=-UJU[_#G^
M*^\W^S]2D%!.*9TRK(KA?V'H.2'GTF%*T?+A#M$J=`CRC<#RH\\'\[+OF$T
M?0M`4S+;(O`;5E8
5R=T%Z*MB;V271AE[OJ)JNPC+C[S!30?%W^]@P.[


-K/?PZK+`:Q`ZS6JJ6/)K%$Q#

-+`NS


M-;'9ACH:KR


MML:40W_[MEG7)@NS[
\SE=Y#76=`K`7A]26
F^6`Z`Z/U_)W\-40\JSNWZ[9

M!?RM014$@GW$GXR8'M)LN/R'QP^/CZMENMW]NGJ$.&;WLL7J?KGG:(9B@4!5
MJ0






M1K(\)6A&4Z$NFIG0[]+]T^;AY$=[G&7N:@Y&46B(4^[1;\!_(`*J`4BS`W7/

M(E$1CY3VI!



3_+W5$/

C]7Z8^IS0HR*5

ES


DPJ
@%D:;%+5/'
M.F=GK)<WB?26`L06LIMV!%H13Y'8$9!).8P&Q/$A@W(SV+E^DS[&16`HJ'U


#B2+@^IT[L




OV())-3\6!4U*ADI3^I./4
M2R-.+@5X5L!)2*O*^SE515NS/U`P
&BPF'PP4[`@MA1$6$RU$IPUS\&X^J-
M)DV$FVED9[



-&Y8GDP3COQG&R




M0*\`RI`_I*N_Q^O]:O\Z*




MM==U--6W?O?RY7FU3)XWB[8'G.)-DTUSZWEOCMU[-5W\Q)74A6!#%=]KX:$'

MB4)
G027M3/E=!0Z3K$YY6G%
1!:?+67U6F;5`
[ZS[B
`*^=
D2[G83VH
M



M;W-LFKI!F^SPK\:G=Q;!CH!2]U#ECJN?Z&$W1[KN1U#TGJ^%(YH^WBCA&P
MCDQ1]PX^UW/!($W



M).%]1IJL+*7L!FU@V]D'NI6MI;[1FT`_^.UZTN[(*$)(5(.@:?FS`F\@,#;
MC;6C2`*OF'(10\JM5!.)2%J]8+'/_%]$%N6OSV69=B593/=[D8JHZP/7Y[X

S\,7U_H@]^J
MOFR%6HFV%=:C&Y07SB@G::^D(4^MR@P-


M((K(%OW^P[_/L4L
&51
1R=N#B\CG:#&0$V-`?




1O=5!@^^N&O-1B1I]4W_W&?
M;C]O%^O=8MDN[2*9``21]0*X

Y5[0%=LHOB]4:+\L_
MK+,/^14BP+;L*5JU.Z%\B$'E5A2$MA_I82CA:2.'\41\3T_(A$_K*P4K#!B

M.$;X8ZO=$=3




9?9B^D?
(L=6S347I6K3
MO$YII+S8`U55L8_--#C/7A+
FPX+.*?3(.PP_:-(C.VSMI10^X2E_NQZTPV0*P653(XC;




YK+)H?(A8']!'P

MQC^6SR\0ZR;;S9]X^%_VF4]]K-K8MNV:+=QC[8`N.UN&PZ@\*@NQZ2`PVRM5

M*D20_G^5


MI1465\W3UUM^+&$=$N


M-:K^=CRZOZ[6D+



5KL((O8JBXI3RH/MDH^?H


MWRDQ7?6:E*.'*R`J5)1`2'[O5LX+TNL'A98!:U@O0CASCEG(D[

M#


QFT87B

M^^^W*O\#Y=R3RJDR#C##:UWYP#/'I_S8LI63F_LEA25DDY5!%R1[_=_?[@'$


MME:#V
%^;

M&#8H.;/6X*6?$1IN4HZ0*E^C1%Q;+B-K2/TR:QO-PU
6@34
U&I4%D#($3

GNTA+7GO'DG









.`B`-1^!5G!J

M&\8-:M?BNX!LH2S&\Y)
AZ;J][[JC)B\C5\^TUMC:I..L3ENIX_4($@-49&J
MEJ)-4+5

M?W$1NN&/YSWUIB
XM56TJR#46%AZ69'%A9W$2D:M1:(UWY4U..KW_


M/I[%W`.(J*@:DR[$9QJF*'.`FA2F*5/+4FF6HUF'4:8
;@47+IHP((O+5N

4


MDGE35W10
1;Y5-L&%E$

^@(DF&
M(T_3UP7+58'42L/C(RRN$A-X'&
WM\PZPO)OUZ`V#GY;`P(NDIK@F*22HQ$S
M?E$.[#]*]-4&=@0%[0AJ[::A6U+4_.VAM]B;H?9Z4(@V2&(M5KGR.Y
%VP




`

M^^L6F
IEYTHU$_.$G;A(6

$
MS3;3\`$L)[`H+[=JY.7U'0$3R$ZU8PE

3GF#=Z9P]51V05.#+I8@MP;4L*%!
MF)Z_







+B2494D!?JHJ


M](VX@&@HMFE3F]=M54



$FJS7

MK:#4_F_?2%K$K+IN=JS3U[=\!!E!168T412]4X*JQ\Q/T--`CD-/P-$#._:2
M:;Y
-5W6MA.-VE)-V3SS_+Y3_!P:[PXI?PY^&(C

MYY1#4VA'9Y6NKTCR*Q%9TC:[$B&6)
DB%7B'6`)/

M++1.X8+JFUR)


MJBC+[G`NT6W%H(17-(WR5)3@F+*IRVNR`$`=1W8T[0\Q30PG2CS^VZ3EK$?0






MO[SDLL$


MBDH71%S0CO

*3F2T';Q:


'4O:)$/9N](K6)E9Q
%

Z+
-]S*]_/ZK(2R?'<S_)J<*#IA_N/I?P
^./?;9-6ZNKG__M!J
M02!$0
D)3S






(LX[RGV4V
Q&H0Q!MT?
5
U


MD0KEU\AU=?38X(?H6C9A2F]F)2B

M@_?`:[`#+^2B

M`KY;V(@XGU5RV$EBWXAME960G1GFWTY70
6+D^1S#M0L^704`B)U?$6]GWGO



M.'?VG`4W8VWY-
YV/L


=8?H[/?
M8!FR&7W&_3GQWI)Y
S&&]8018TGV<
M,6^C&)=C6/P^&N,H,'@[A+N1WRH\

MT1M^`8;/`O']I]3CY1&8SANC.'R85=YXCBS\S_GHB3&

)!!QSXR/78G

*]!E%:BBJ='0!=IQ*NG-&(





1!@JLU`5-$1


R)O[.!_3E@U!
R/'C+T[O^3J
M(C
`+=G)];TDHC/4DCK0V7(-

.H/
MR^`F7G(;1
HLGO[
B'+B'SAP\S/)'T;HE!2T]
_/]'$FN
MWP<]GCP4!RFZ#U(MD@#*<R)[2D:4.U65E0FDJ$%ZGO1W](MN#/3Y6-&&W_[




%_46B18Q]#
MQ+6EP

M[GA.\@'G%+`O2%G.0
W/)^RQC1!=DZJ7F12#&
^/0#!2PD






ME

0VS5=GG8YA=
$6ST!=(M#0L'1(Y6(1K+7:*

[X(*\[)P'G
4HY;6LCA8R0.A$#VAAJ`I1.X'




M-ENC




M.E!JYN'PS

'^O]K
6Z_?-(I



=-P$2^DHTDRX


BV$<%S2@2BQ_#!(,%+$Y%%63=L1AJDLQQ&
MDE!TP)$*HG3L8\EU%OZMI/`*J-4H8W@*^B7_6QHFA,^0(+PA8U'$%`MT$&G


\!'XX9/S/.09)EJ9H(.B667UA(5?(80%F()



PNFBY`VYEP\\6?C

ML3_








MDJM?K%U0=!J

_U




OPCQAT5-+I/UB=IMH2XU_


M









W]TM*-JI@I#$*S

OT


E%@!
#]SY

M$MU+15/4E7
N$U6T'^5YH_:&28/U5







X0S
M[R/_M!!M






3RR57)4*Q:P04-EQI8+2&TZB)!VJ!@U'TU4C(/
MHNOK

)C$';=#RU;3\L
M@=I&:=O&#=^TNK3M2#Y=5]4]H_U6




M0&=9JWV63\TM$@=ZU3S:U['



)0TJ&5N;N$V:%
MD&`+1QQQ_??A?R


2J
LCW'(6;AVTPSU&H

MX+E1M
XR4%*&&+Y/GOX


M;()Q7=/?9I#LL


Y
M
$0^F4=A^CCGEB29A]
!@PO/4


+\(T'H4)GS%
?'PCY?C`
MO+3R6V$M@RXP[?7G(3*CS+A'T

#HSSJ%.N-Z22D;$269+I@D%NMB

RB/Y2+@K;RB*FG-/]MKWI#S^U-
M)W?:IIJYK_5\=T


MI@CC=K'PH:V



J1
`
Y8X3!



MY.[0`PCV

M

R6AO&-K?7W3




KV;-'#LPV[MA(:Y?!$':.Y
M.I9+?O51Z4EO:'0+RVDV6TM?4=
:@6U$4!)=\5#WZVQ:)\




!C_]]%:K1:$IS=?[#J.#\@SHHI\

UC:[P[['\9P_:&:/)B/5&(UYW9J

M39

N]A*
MR6D@*-L





^-%5$X?N9
M%F`SE&%WC;!]

^Q1]4YW9


MMNTGQ@^S63&-^1G'VU45;Z.M&2KXV$*MB^0$Q$_Z^!OW5'5?.1UV]?4%N5BR






\CT`/

MA4MR[W[_#



MVLJ4]RV


M+\'S[M#O8(]Z*X2Z'6R])8GMQO.[*'SRIV0Z6O\[)M.;(`N%!X_950PX?15%







ZOH%0-!74H$^'(3S'LY]G)LDQQ_$%6_UEB2Y7EA
M&B0Q&`]K&AJ@L992
(;0FH&WHC'02D[.


=2NGOG7HE)L\WCEUDQE
C/_PLZA!:A


F)X5UV0;=/]5'5.2!8#8#JMOD





1
MF\&7YPF;IRK)6D)-C:;00$`H?&YYD(5PL(E7!KW3'*VNWVF3*G06[\JE`J)
MVL1*[JE6X-.K#&##KPTKI4;)UDKD4_8:[_-_04I274:PD*!A45K]_'L0/E'
M!/;8H-!=A`#`MDHMT=4U)3!QH$DLH1A+U;


MI4LDAZ2R&/F+!4P+ZP#N!LZ2=#J'/YO0?-50MA1\7TW72-4FR$;'^*AR_-

M*H.
W67GFJ



@FC&?'[TZ4_
M7=I]NG0


N\2-*N^W\
M)X6F2X5BGS#UY7[N!MEUXUIQ3<!8][.H_99E)Y^B='VHO+LO)0N?ZQ(]$=





/EJ8NV(+)6;H-FUW1!IPN
M:)6FU)M6Y'EOFKEW)@_Y25I=XNM*VC]



(2






TBY

1;(YJ==3M9YN*;)F


^F:@9I/@JI8F:TN



.P$!]\=Q4OXBF67\*T/L2(K\_MP)RUM






M8
7B.M
?:\0D=@54W9('5$


*SFN7-6RMS/2W!C=K)T


MQHR_H3






MY;UEF!&6G*4TD)K6O/]ND
H^@H]VK9.J%JB3JE47?-3FKKNXI^]$_=!ZJ`3K


/G#5
)7I6X+M?0T!O:N3T<PB):]+`V

X(VUT8@S+\P?YKG
?+X8W^#NT<FW?V-=_VC<;0NRK526U



]T

MJ):]F(]#4%MC;_/L*]ZZ?J!)/$Y@=;UQ
MO.C)V5]



)U*1ZH#=I9(BN(

S*Q47(5O+H`[B#'ZM07:8';84:@&-Q/VT07ZO*

#2@5%R$;6//H;?0M-8*UR!NE0[%!L#(HU
MH:..V!VK\J+M;EY:ER;R&74@]2Z[4WA=V\$)V#%O4J7=C=KZOD.K_\B594

=RZ`W(Y^G




K\N&AH[



1!MF3

M5=6XGJG*G&S+`[%G2[PDZ%^$+\+)1U77!'X%T@





P3


M8Z*M0=]

Q/K5V.UJ7(6;OJ\*[5ZN:%GT^_\J^?C_&KE]Q






72^1@G*IU.JAC]E;H`Y^/?=6!T2TSF6LDX=W6DFD&D
M9-O;D:7M_IO!^P@_=GV_2*\'@[K-@J_PIA_V-(H!FKS-\C:4S%QHWL2YX@\

M`X-7=

\B



MV`IGH4NK/ZA\^T:(+R&)0L;%+8QOMBGI]-9.,\V0^9=!DN+9.+X+K]8_:4


-(R3GRN[
P!6Q]$(ER1
T)LNS_


M@ML2KND+C*'B[JS4[V;AQ8R]*@Z93XY_U!3E#^9QM']SI&37;0$9G9A[*$
M8.*ZP!\1EG$\CW$=U$YA/U&


=4?NP=_AV.%8)QR_8W^HOR8F
M=^C;M_8`PUY0M;)0(1*/R1+4XJ$N!AT?D:]S&%'#3$@ZCCP&_?#QKPM=#$T?
M

MKI&PE

[)Z*JQ'CM$K7G_F4NW2B\K&U:^TJTIYU^!5VN9Q/MYR-)\I

#Y!A'-Y][FUO;%^!X%&!7S:21LO/\LKOU+!1_46I

M6R7'ODK^)&/?#4CS5H*$*T'I%L*^%@*FM
U`S

M94;[!8TR)3%)TIF'%TV+NNH_]AUW%VC$RPC.8_Z0^Y4Z=H6/3+*2CP$.L7^(

M7$^11$[655/0;%GLVWIS/4M+R[M
[Y47ET.;$?2YJ@E1_H6Y^7QU=6Y_@D;-
MZ[^9/SZ;U]#Y^=^
90Y-YOWGT




S]S+J3X#!&OIQPCQ<ZBK7(NL:/.+AZ-]P3PZ


CE4ZM8NJ@ZUU('0)55
MT5`KKLUYN1;.=KGV6XS!T[

MOKG61*OJ6*3K


&/.<*&[2E8U1L);2+HN74
M.:3R<K()Z'UD8!_OE%
WM.F$2X\

MI%M\\PGPS1;#-VLMOKD=\W6.^3K.X`W$-UNB4?6=66VH515#-)7&P=_*SJVI
MB;;2N.O^`U:RYM2@&8S+9P+QC=KLFA471VUAE2;HFE5C`K']6J*MI6XP3\




P-/

[E-)S3&

M#/)[-[\WZ_WBWO8^S#_W?_GYV6.VX83F6^Z7S'K@PZ.





4F2?S3730=WF.=9/XE



_`\N1'*NK2[*C

536DCMI;N*C]$X0

M6][_WL8XW[U-Y5VWP5:'7N
$2S%6M;[+J9(3U@9.U.).IPGPWNW^PM^C.'T@
M#U08@G@


Q)@]M&4!
&T0!?\I(().0LRS`K(`O5I`H?C5+`Z

M!U4JI1.!&





]T2OP0ON^!
(F)EV8DN`
AKQX-_6CW^IIL8CE.
MR^Y)NCWL2^Y0=B1WT%

MLU203(
^2*9^KRN9EMKMF;9K.[+[*BY[2N('/Y3`0G_/B_'F7W#M\YY9Y6BH



58(E-HU!@\RL*/W5D


E]+M'9P7!R\0OD/[C#ZQ*R68&K/0'K?@//H+(

M+@09Z)%D(C#6T'4H-X*2,QA9MA?-P+U\2.#:/6+12@^CV9A];TVN&)+ZKQ
M5A3B*
/.C/^8X70DH8&NT;M`F?
D2BB$7#4P9

<K*N/'1DPY8<M6]*.KPEN9IIHV;3




N:QI['U
@5!CA898*L5`M8K`XPOE`EL\?8
`&%R:8\*P.()KH:'?A
M5!9;!!:062[R@TH/O5Y8DZ8B2F9(0@79;C?[1FK$=;V3BZ!.P:/CAA9]-
8Y!L5A
MT



9

(@%Y8A(GDNQ0N]H:Q.)Z#C


R;H*Q[)Q)


6P#6RX7)M@
M1QF3E'=4-FC[*





\D'U.]@)/GE^Y
M\MCV5YG3AKL?Q:64Q_





V(82


]!+^7$PQ\F.5`FB#*V`BZ6$B8S0)ZB
MELN$WV87&@4HP





HBD;J5\\;+;CC4,4%=T/+G7`L$Q#WFLH+74=M]0K.))5Z`S5


M4[9R!8D
9D?/C3I1;;EJ&])5/Y=1BHY;_18#6T=C$/N;(*5

MB5




K
M@17`1\P/E


*7

M#


M

MZ!G6##L?(Z'7#P1$;0224A



81S&!D[XX/%?A_/@^IQ8WG[

R26#`6U0HD8$.LK3
MR<W2Q`XMYRP=:W.&^L$M/<O3Q^GV5X(.A/(_#?Y*]YXDLA6L)*OW<^XBUB[


L
M?[3-,X(AT#?*=VT_?8J47G0*46EVJA7=(Z0\.]5.^IY27[7BO?_)X&I+A3<6
M7(1L/J<Z+M0:HOQR3SD-=[``)X#CX6-NP\^=Y[B&,ZG@=&%J)5PP!]3,#Y:






K/(_Z$?_WW
MSU'0G%C6_%_OZ5`?K6]W
*7C!9'/'H'K;AS/_OH?^)7R[^2;'SQW\LC\V1T;

MR]3-+W#MY:-??N2C+Z:F&7U=_V(
[K0'XUYO#NYO!TWCH=MJWCP
;IK=0;=U






M?'@/MH5^H;2ONYU5'1_Y\^P29=QW6G]]!WJ8%,97%%KMS=:ITSJX.B0;5=
M=&/0LB0A=]1^&7J@5M$C^

V8(JQ0=;$)OV11J
M;OD8'22M0'*^U`L;VD#3M:7
?F;SD
V&S%^3OK8FG?1INEHXI'%9Q`_VVNE)




M\*B8@$9PA^QD].(![;/\-&(`)8$MAC.O7IT-E'(J`KL9P5/DTWS@

M9G.1K(AP)`+T9

%D!8A
YP'VP$Q5_U^#9
M'2##PV;C;?I
O









MWHV@JA=

M`==MHT)6;)




V`0L;
#.`/I65=L
M[X#*7N8N8G&O21H

MPM6.+1


MUXL4H#95#/

MY:@BW2ME'E(!PWT#_@



DO/+0?G+JOM;L'9
M




;L_=P
/TEOR/.<)!9
.XS!&YNUGF7:Q%G=G



M^[U2OD662?/NY_K/S'_Y$';W*6ZI^
4[:$`?1SPW^=:J/&23&Q9%?E[Y/R
M



Y;)
M5E2);B^D



YJ(LEX`7#`CB

N3BQ-992=6P'MQ/^!:SJA*P65ER!-U8N&HY!5F#2UU2]E=QSYC=2O

DJ=(9J]J5[22RCB'T2^-CN1/0V

&;!\?A+M6A_
`1C)I3RN6-5_^;54;NUW[C3
MNAO294&64::*R7F42
@TM6T4G#PHJY!IJM:O35F149!-O['Z\M:MH-OXPFIS


H*.;AMGIFN=$IA],)CZ;
M6'#EMM-&R-S#K7[IN1YS-68<7J@I3('3'G8?/O81X




=E=8=Z/


;BU`H#'RZ%!@V(6%D

8

M=

$K*L/]B


2HLZ2KK.D

;&=FVVGW+;M=N?2W

G=_9V\!Z$*%LXKSF_NMJS^H'+1]&?/VK;LL@$U=V_6
MG8XU'%1.P3][UOO6L%OR\?_;







/T'^='VJ6/-,W`G]58I-C/+HBR@1



NZDMD0_(%UFE@\F(UH%5'OV5%FVMW
MIN0^M`QL_^2A<O!L@E6%3(,BF;HUF3:2:5@D4^?'DNGU'L3?7QJLV<*YM2+



#Y1
M'EBW16)@5U$
^I7S0:JC*%AGGP1C4$'!Z)=]%=T;T@^=(8G!L')B4$$AJ))V
MT
B#^]43BW[)E[:]#=UP.1.AX-

M0V


%]Q?6OZ`]/CE_M


H\EA#EIW1/-VN:^`VKSD/AB/E$Y!*..K8FD]94

MZCOU2DOXW7#0TBGG


M-22H%$5)IBM




M1XX3Q#YFM)#V`1

/<*3O[\]GE$6L7T[8Q<G'SR?')^/1YTLV&H_/?O]\9VR




MD$@(G[Y
EE;3JC`VMH,V
M-)564T'IUM%4F^.+MJ5\&%7A*E@$



M&((PH3(,X!9`HL.D1$-W8B!GXM

*U8`%2L^?

51Q)WO!51/ZZ!W=+5#6:J
MJ+^*5L==0PIU?$P_E`;_W#C4)DWVFE:EZ)*#J9C3%AE-$A

M/-@L7$


MSTJ;40G-@RFH;CSK4(8G*0UN9N09:GV=.-@P
&A:TM'WA-BJU4_*91H(N'Z(

MQ;[YX

^S;C0Q(:1JGA%;%
/&+[$
M`X1T/RU(
;2A?0=D//X


MZ%(#A2]@..!W-MF?H*J-@J1R8S/


LAU1S@F#!32Q
ME
)S=:0'#W0I!2H?1LC/?C
`





M(PP%F!TWYUDE^*!9Z-1%^]B1M
2;X

K



:_+0-^8)
!MEX1L:
`N%W+[KV5VV=I



?



$)@)O@H]
M%KO$-F+?D]]P9+F5A2UE*?[8(TTKJ;NB9'Y:P*9:)/_KWD_4MQOR&[_)-@%U
M4N6%N$7

M/Z!28BJ5RP+C2=U`.B0L0(






P''B

M6F22X:]/T?3VA@4+]
=5&

M%728\(ZPN4/:%F$SDJD*L+[/3UVTX
:.)C7NY=FA(^K]/5

M6@.ZE(N


MJ0

MPL[\@;/O
DU











N





.T=IRZ^(_Z@670


M[

F+



`



0G8PDD
4LL83(#EHQMD0A@*'U7B2ND`5IS*0L
MN\5@39WYQ*XKY4#T_9&BOPDX+6`&GWUX-LGA]INJN)&;A+?@W88\U-YEX#N





M^DO$M3CQ?ABE
#@I8KQPYC8


ML2H?C8





M#5;!V$$





%Z8=YF@
TC=*^BT(^1ZL5U)?F]2

M[()NGK=)09&Z*#2/M`I





M1;F+'N_6R$



OOF8M\[D;J.+L=BUO3'`A?(TIXQ@1B?_M3B4;LS:J$]=;]A?^T)

L^3A
MB%!L\UE':6(?Q]$%=A*!5&%X^ZE'-;6;Y3^!264W


M&HD52=2E%0

X(P?HN=&81


P+),=,@E$0&%7S%DZ2Q#H2'T[&P!/^;9U9-


M3F29\XQO5%P]//=(


I*RG/)!

.`U_%E

M&)JD8.AB;-%[(K-J56X)+P3#]B]QS&9S&GH&:[V#&YG&YG'$[$[BNL6;&)J;

R6RF:?C6%G*UR:
MC;15DAE@C7D



M7%88`]P._`\?E#\3E4KAR/GGL:)=6UP6
IK2PO)E+7









79A?^S


4H[F#8;)4C`M!=.

M.-^:8
2S_



P




&GQ#NVB2W1Q
MI-4H


=S^

MBSO2+OJT13'L-E4H`TTPQ@0
]Y/*/VD(0L74ONO!-






MO2TX&+@O\*);YK

M1`)'AT


MX*$3^@2
#BQ7NKZ'#6F


2-80[A10GD4J.
)Z%0D8=%TY(UC2(3`


M9?M0OVOF_

/!D/&RGMG_LE]?R7=L&6;MC


=&Q_C6T.^LNNS(;Q9&B9#9S








_9.$S\9/

\(<=:9!'..<+9)7,0RU@_R%2V-]P06/N
MWQ

/!'XWA-


MY$YT3\B

_










Z_NI(!#

M#


M%9B55F%C$[Y00&!.UHM














M


_M#OK]IUV*A]4=8VQF&/DNOCK44K]K







6(BA2EGHM$Z.(54U6YJYM5M\O\ZA;7'W


A*

#-Z3^E.9^N@?$:;ZU(+]A.6X!OIH$?+P\2KC\2
M^-R69VLKT=O67V.KO/9D;TZE;6BSO3/8/HPSN$;G1CM7MLX9K@N-MCP_'6O'
M[8I/4
?20=^9!




M?H*@=(NX@1QGFL

MX.\):
X
)9LC
YY]E\*=\E(Y#CQ)A8@+1_D]G[V\*DX4:%%97%9ZNH!01W24


MR5#:V[


_-
9)NF10QT:X#.Q9B6=UCP!^-TGJ^^^#1AU]Z
MP6,3XX;&4V`^ZT#W%O43ZG*X2+<NW]WS<J87J9E9H'1]MI`*`]K\PY5TB7#

M_-V)/5\KZ4KIRH?%C2D5$0OZ]N]T#KM#H';T:Z_]MOM-1=QW\:D;%4?R+_
M;^'&'



Y+RVL(.*%U1D);#PWDB8L9N'




MPJ8L#-GD?

$LHJ




NJH2KR_RB*8GR]OAE\U=O&5]QBI:VUORH?*`!`
M3\UA




?L4T
MV_DL_\18QH


S^E[R_[@2^=J<N_P



ERT\1@2)P0]



6X@5]*JP0U[)P4TM!*R)!


$02(P&
`S%D;=

TL61T-@(&4BU,^E\/5\O`GF[EC2-4M





MS98(`;7$%J(


M


<['


M7C9%D


CYQ+OV.9H;PB!6-J5:!*8*43[Q)(;5
MKA7N[(3!V+'0#X&B?C3E^BPPZQGEZ=\%JPC&V+A`S7Z0FL@I;=$+%:H\C0/

M0!!O!L$UD_9BH@+SV7`L0Y
_
KU,'Y5S9)@'YB^,)DRU
L&$*HDT2H6
MM8'Z27PU5ZI$H#S




_*Y``8&E%7YW//Y2Q/X.(*2;?TI5'*:G%9].3D






'
M*YQ)MEPGP


R;<@-]@4F7W
PE-M6]Z'\IL:FF9'U=R7H6




M




K





MX%
PZHYREO

M29Q@JIG/F^NFW5GII;R+:['[*?N&_V89KH9T^\3G7FQ.^Y*FG-]VM_MPU#??





8LBJ3XWL$R;#]R)RR$88+X
M7KIW[^ZEOQ
X8_&3Y`7^'4PLG

M='

DC!+
T!*3QV7!K/@?L$6
\K#BQ5FF

@1]4HYP@5

FW=84X[
M!D#$^MLGI5


NZCA:;+W)`G3Q/%1C

]TE.OQ/9LD'KN8=G

B=\C
M-KG!`Y(]A)G\2
@K-OW7!Q9X7R^'JJHIFBS+JJ$J\O\HBF)\O;X9?-7;QE?T

MAGU;L\VO*CSX
ZY:++HV9[3!LFRB@TUT
-.ARE*QP;*L=_3N11$[+V[`.1HL


87

$A@K=VX1D

GND?W+G
?X+MI&

V2L

LE/Y\S<9)
MZ



Y&W3%SF]\0D?X.0Z*-\*G!Q




M@!08





ME75E_A-[OO-)OJ%%)KGK=I!DWOGD5NQ#L?\P;-$W;KQM$/`IWJO![7Z$A*






A29
M8

M=\SV0+9'2D\V5+


G+9)FC
6\;QZZ
M.&?)3$)(0@1Y3B
LQ!C
MF3E)



M8XMI#@L'=J7HVELBS#9=R3J'2X0YY5=OE;-3.5(;F!;[KNK_?Q3ZOP/!+7N'

6D*RH\!BKO*&W?K]5VECF_C(B@*_ZBN0=*&VM+-
M0Z,L[F^M:D=])VL%4VRW*WV-O^@UIIR6*[6#8JMN-`O^3IP0&+J^D*GUA3%
M;DF/5`N`:N4$+@O\.]D^-D,M7#7N74]-W[9[ZWVE:FQ#^Z\?TD=!YAD*SO
M##5J$I9%F)I&)9BQJP#
B-0WGG]1Q!N+8C:7'X!33$(PXL.(MY'@(83`P^



M




6WR/2SK0P$\J$


1Q#

MP^R



C:*$


2KVMG
X7YZ'
M&%\6LN$Q2#PLCBSTQ
&HM8\\&U
70^HL3^(F!`8X92&Z0S(?`45]X==D^0+_

@'=WT2

CI3`3*W^S[U3M+WB/\M.C
MRAL;6=Z.\Z#3&?YO$L2\VGC
*.'-(65'


M9WCSH#9GJF;Z.8PR=Y[XQ_-Y&'P#6SQ&I9N!DIEKFA%*CA78:5Q
+.^%`;KU
MV$EXRTJ*G8)5$5/L%CTPHLL:3




/@

MIG9=T=Q;O$R\\H#AW^0F2B*4.@Z&NKEWA!PG6(K-




S+-%++



MK9TPKWX`C

MCTM4UV.QX!*^#27JP?BO#]WYW&
RN2*YIT_VV2-Z%3[P6.=RK]OSSJ.RLZG:

MWGJH&X:8=D-1G*X'H_%Y3/










!\-1=]!NR[8U4F6C


MV2-MJ]51=^S(WI

ME71ENZTHLJDI/64T
A2CUSUDS4$)V[90615A;VF0K.ZT4&/5DAZ#Q)M(#B'Y
MB7:UCN\GCB?0_1Q%4?!KMB\33:5;!$\/Y+4]1/J-3UG(4?N;TEP!'4;=N%

BT:
MW(


MK=$
).4GHIH

$V/7OL#M2$KU=
MTTC-ZMN*U9


TVO`!SM&6E
MW[84:V0




&9M$

ML]RQM1(Q-E]2F12_A$$4`?D0R6BO:]4'^F@XZLA6UX3;:O45N:?H/;G=[FL=
M;=CN6J
1K%6#\ZYI5MLL+;8PZ?)J
#&7G'H(%/.(!V#`I@S$)S*S;A2QN$].


9:L'+[%M

M
;-AU?CIA3]PH[GPO5U

Q-%2ETKIIVQ;VZ
M9A'EU1:];OQWAQ#D&ZY5U=%]I+;++&OE$A;X





-C\&2Q3OZL27+^^873FP
M+D


M3ALCJVOHBKA_EJ55+*
U:ZBDZ-R[\SD0X]^./_$PQ=2?W(2@NF`^=-[T:Z_K

%GX)QFE^:RV4
/2$5-(S7[*D2@;&MS$CO;R0=;`\
R$CJ:A+/U(_
MB8YRZAD7KQFD1O8U6%2T'\Q`O!TK.:UJJ$ON5V1!R]854.YT3WY&N*[M&Y
M\N!XZ(#A'M7JH
=(#I'R67:JO611SYDWJ0=Z[]&L#0U9X\//[6?MV.(B5L3K
MCI]K6K#3H
N:U8/_/(O
M*4O(H:0Z1'[#@?TA@.].P`EKVOJH/-U5%.VVP;H


M(JXT[:7*5


-`R.R9NC/U1TLKF8C983G9M92&:&:



M$FYT($W!MKN&9O?;\D#3!K+1Z0().L.1K&J6U;7;7:.GJ6+ABJZ7':F+4U^J

M^.L3LLD=*;'6;&$&9BJWGX.%J6\D/*RR?5*!:R(J'.(V[PA#!6*W7L\BE?

JFOAFHPAN18O-LUR/%7

/685$B92(($DE]5?7]]%-5BQ152DP=#+)Q
M1C?2Y\I:L/E@!D8UU9!(02]CZ21Q0*&7#$)@1
9N@(R\X=@/_23%P^GW.EL:

]?


MD;L



G;$(5Y^Q8?O8)%%+=)8-X@H@##P#Z5C
M06#\A).\%5'*IPDU)T

R]=RXC7ZV8_0S8??H
M9P)_NAADYUUW&P!M0ZKOV*SYO@A4
6E/XA9O$RH2%MB+17:.M-!U';65MM

MJ\%6@Z_6X-9Q%E\-;Y10$@Q+ER`#V4N0C9.[TK%F%W=D%V)DJNGAL1%)4T2-

MB(N;/_JCW/^.1B&*TB5W;OCH!_YD$BU-;/Q+[J*P0R[#0;=#=1%!I4^C*`BF

M\]K)Q1VZIQVY_GMR'[L(E$!G=

+F7L#Z8\;A)8]1E(91GWLQMCX
M1N!\(L?TI+C(6*AY
E/1T67H2XF

\-W;R'Z&/



<U]*C_#9+_]E28R\XU9[%$I8T#8N+;-,L^&1
MCN(H^SJB'3]V_P&=SCH`9$0I8+')I





M1-_]!40[W2/$.5?=/G]4\/RQ^'O[!K+%&\B*RMJ'D!=5IJ]16?L:LM-K2'G#
4.9[[<O8[[M^


M/



M7R$OUCV




MOKJ$#ALH+F\+(Z[GCW;TFXL\[WN:^7D*.Y1!(5RZ,PQWQT1W:HZ73QYI^^!
M0:^YI[\HP[.`]`XJ/)C8=;8



M/RB3BO$-#6[V.=&=$=]SK9$`SR477T%Y[\F$A:4H$K$.A=/*.TJ593HE#[F+

SC\\AB%Z?KGMI<7-
RWR\JX

F;<2S;ZJ^$.6K9NR;)F<)&H*)VNFRID]6^?$GM635--V'-%IKK$IX[Q5
M86U*W3CZS-$GL]^?Q2A@;CS![123WWJ)-9%P_]YG[[[J4@9(^@[R&BH@S1

;GP,8Y=^0[
MDE3Q8TZ=A#7$O0W]&B:LWC'D&ABY-@%G*ZW0QX,^#E)IQ1M:J\=6C\=$X[:W
MITDV=2^9^&]37#<6A#O







M)T:#&F8Q4J1RKA.R!CKTJ9P5P0MBYQU&F$PPUB\-(KSSN'J6[+8];6TYMOK#

QVAP4/1*@GP7



ZZ3'0[N2RX&<I2H7X9UGX:W-



MKTZ;=S^5)LZ^TP8**4^

M/K-F3:EYI^XW:]8

_#1<H

MQE


M\O!AIB/WT97[$

MZG-95YI
@EMF?70_G7C4




.N3!
M&[A9XL&XC)'(3-SA/UF2(OD-?DPR]

(*X$V#'.^*++AH8_#*
41



O53?W

[81?-'Z







M;G4OVV;0)B
I7Q.88L0GQ=)]H#TV0`?))9A^F2/L:1P9?
4W;VJ['ESI;63P
MQ@BXC0Q^J(`'#O^5ZZ#-(H/OH-V:S?UN(X
O\*$/9_LN4(?M_XZ]

H!KL
LS.`T0S-(!4R22*



M))0G#
$_!Y$M!\^!FS<'73=5X,&
M=.@E11'C;5%1H&1J0!,AD\UP-*!CQV!2FMATH(-M[7UB_*8%(G_^?M6UP?VM
M;MJ7+$*)F'U-BIT[_1O]\[-W5?^?4#9J3=W5GKFU;??^-6OGP3SYOKF[E*(

M@A_TX6\O`6EF
$ZB\&\*

MN/7M:S?7QI[W[W

M[U6'Y!]R;JH&I6


M]YZ])



^!V8NYLKH_YY(U&

Z,]*-C#!&)M`T&0(
(0$:1!(P(3M?5-F/DEA?TH]2
M!`MEJJ&4V_










ZKSVF<N^YDK\Z3G0:2?I3123@C/

!&S
L%%H_!@FVC

?*C(4._)1^.&UDOH#$QOG


-ZRPZI%$T*3SJQC%-^(.-LSJFLWG;VKD_`FM%PVM.


(K@MAH-:H9Z$.

M(.YH:N




-___J?ASB^U/N)]^(E/Z^/]S(\?Q

M7#Y;Z+


M?KBQP/X;AASI.
U=)^PBWXT3(?D1LGL


?V'18[))&.PAC`S/69O[`NT:E!3I![X

%@\!B2'2$@S
4*6




M)%


D

H[.VP?RC


8)J[_N]=2&\QMYEX/G
`T=C


M5;8`-D4):
2&P#(E%4.BB


IG:4D67*JMBF)HN*PH@DHP`



M$9=
OE#FM@6
@T`P$P9UV



VY@FWTK-

;(R#9F@DP-D1`5&+RU(WCZ(8-#4GJ::*H]21\\05N)OV5FB8Z0D







E
[9MY

M4E-

\Q?
Y

A8@[
)^SF\)G.ID=6)\7
M\)(G+V#WX'
!X7#H]:GP
/9\GB`7O(V+.%?)]NS


$;KX@E6\
M/F.TLU`9(.

'F%

%2+`*)(JBP2S;(0[$&^WH?/YVFRFJJG:A#O

G4K9&=M%X_KLHXW
S72;V-]G#R%D??/9'U3



M3VR)B\T&KULLUE!N64-:/KDQEYOYA5M8/[FQBJ\SDS926Z9RXT.EKL.`PP'
MC(5D##)O5F@+2'!'@


-


!

MAFV(MCXQ\\5P\/@67A

E9!+;XO(]\+?%NXP-U26\%E?

MD:TQ[Y
*$H4@


MO

ZT@2(5?I(K!V
/M((F

M):4QM-RKS5+W9Y#PG#IG?59;UG30M9N4%G7)5S9]T/CK/U=#5[+IZ'O
FY
M]'A:*R:&$V-O0:$C1_]Q0VX
_+I\+!9UY*LY;@3^715D)*6YZP_U/5D!)305
M[B0KP`(=A[&




*%G5R8M&/Q1)1*WB:-UMT#H+9$<;^LBS+
M1_D[;A=YT?/+Y.4E6UT.WS=T1/2'SFRTM)6+'L(4$O1L8'A$YR?V4/\NMH4

M-RM_

E?)]_O
!6Q7`0OQ:AM/G&\O)NLSI@5KLWK::NU

TQX@:25B@Z^S9[R!8/Z_)X
M1:


$XO:TK@D1<:[@DT@B(DJDPA4?\-'$4B<BH=
D-GJ3




MJ]5AD!D]8X3`-AW0'=6M
VIE0QVF


%`BXV]9M:
#;1A6E\MP+

MLH=X\N
+KB4+%@_GMG];JR18-BF9Z39'TRA
0QI3PH+`$NF$(C9
)$DY#;0-
M+7?*%CR?N):=P%=QMR

M\59X94&VDMQPD


8?['BGY'.ZA
MLYQ9GA=(C/1
A)8%2XX%,($3+M!LVS^TY?WN#[0F+:P(%4)%UMSEHOH@
M^
1L3J:02M%_7


ZSO
MH-Z^!P&A(ND3!+1%-Q(-DDKUR^E[8@77&2J-1KZSI3HTC)):+R)!F-3H\T
MYSU7(_K(*
\;*6'?M2VZM(A`C:1C\N):-+!4M.M7EO&2BLSS4Y(.()0]?9$Y



MA)AXPZ=\MGB%6UJNINYCS;M2]2D7Q%;EC!059L$&*(A;ZKA.`FHDT1)58
MI*ASHD]9HR3R1](9$\;9TKO5$OM''L(?2%_T:;'9R1W@A\ZPZ'HAJ?A;\B2
M:1(&,;%)E!()(2NQ,DF(4VEJ$RFTP\U!OS$LIM'FP-HY^'TT1H\!Q;3V7Q6

MZX4
)K@CC-I^@I
=.FT?N/DLWO:8&)DRP'-#0!NH/$T;VJ`\/`-L5]M]AH[+

N&IE:&TG)`TD2%RDBG:(D,$$#YR-DC2-D9.CQYY,[&X[_IW
MSZRDRQ5H!U(QK/'IPRG=3XOUZPH#I+OE?#8=YK$8/B9W/WVTNT=7?!UUEXT



(3/8-3


M(*-47(/




9XVS@\V5)0MS]4.0)J
M'ZT1SE$NIOD
!





S2.-?D\7#'

.ZB

21*X$KTUY;Y@6GU5S8R
B_83!'$ZDLIS$)

`]=4*UG*M]^?

M7


MB
GSV9-\7+E:5Y-_S-L5G)1(XX`K$CKMP
V'0S/@

;=&=+=


K_)$(E_((US]U*W1H
N*XE6US5\VFHRQTZ;

MNPP


'RK9[#_U`
MM`Z-I^?);(6J4TS!?
::2C&=]*]LCNM!_WW)\[+;?



ME'Q8O90\7?0T*-.Z6H8.([DQ).N5
X3$)1!2@FU
M@4OBBK<G<3+A1*#!(R^



MQC%^0)H[MGJPE&J710(TX!($4OB`OB38S1U@;;@'D4HS7*'`*^MXCJ$K3-Y
M@%2;OV:3U3F@!?R7[QU`B
/R[@T\'=MG9-='O90I*D2*0E%#`%
'ABK0A(
M:KE621IJD:1EEQ0X.XT!@^I:#PW:P7,'.C/[?9Z=Q_N&N13#G$X)D0O%T8&
MJ0*%2$@((0RX
)21
46DBN%)@-M!



M[[/Q8D9IU'/^CP^=#QC^#YX_4*WMGQ]HI]8/B/YN?%C!1A8E-LOEI);779PR

EIIWSIX0


LTVK
O4HKQ

\_NO%CY


\(Q=90B6T48E1$2W_AHP)8^

M&ZIJF&70;1#&^=$:UC
ML8@V=!

(I


JK@2#&
IVR0J(8KFHFK';<:*7;(ZK1#99+E[I(54`6[I&DJ^-0NR3Q+
M^Z7-O`_TF6ZR<VG;WS8&0\NPNT,#MOQ;`VA3;CNVV4,==:CKIJG;!AJ5<'2

M)386#;@@0Z%!U-U:(6VH]?J#`5!OV+1K$NITL3'LF+?8&'256QJPX0OR$?U9



MHAQ=1-6J.J

MSD=VTDXBFRYUFJ;B-+)CQ!9Q$+*J?F328I[J-++RB:([D6J8ZKDU)45H9.53
MQX8DZ%J5QGD%5+'HJK(W6Z9D%R92T-O-2(K=0Y
T)9J:=8U`3X5TZJ?H+#K0

/*KBH.E3I9KY254&=/-ZF57=8':&MB#'RK
2D%GI



MB3
.VY7F$Y9.%+-O=
T^M]=9(?F$I5-'6]^IJ$KSI@*B6!V/E3MB\=F-W2E3






079



3[1*Y\U;:OY`[O#@[H\).;.
4?@K##Y6Y]I-:(*&DFQNX=@X[



L?\?/2ZXX9N*U;M5O-;X5$-^F
^Y!.

=Q.O&V8L^S:YWU;@6._[N@%'U1;R

MWJI'_/%L[H1_[X02#R0OMA5/-M:JYGBFMMTFW:UM:&[-;A
2S5$


8#^-HA%_191U`=`9)




ITHXB4&H43
M&V99Q-!@=&410S-QE44

0GG`_(CWC'U[X

70^^\5

]-H*HH$40;.?


M844W!+7W+@(TS1M@8V5HVL#

<WR/B4.7<Y_0'=JHV\N6/
T!


M!0A7'[^-Y.(N1UQD*\-FM3(44LB25H8&AD-$3*$ZU
B]H,G-_;(P_.=
M/Z%%P,LM*P,$*74#/SC,@<N$9QT$HQ8F+DZ*9NJ`FI'CBE

M-/Q


M4552A$Q;T'2VLZ2HMW3AK?Y4DY5@J-B5=!4C;,$YP\R
K





3ROSA9TF$D/(AY3^)9

MBF[X=PI2MO[PPE=FGIR!P$\

M[#L?=)`E_6`VNS`

M4$1MR?;DQC09YLZ?T`:QR[2.A&V
]T[X-XE!M6#UUQYE5FFK3Z'9CQHJ#Q5=



M=]$


M-4




C
\&$!$9F@@D.
MD\P[JAM6
N^H'BC)O*.:`;SCH2'1N8=8J

ML5#AO::0JB-34$W[6*^I/@GIR?


M

]_B.WSI[Q'KD[5^&S/M






GB(?B!3YX45G715M)EP&

-&FR-



QW!

H==[QL*
M


8X;KA+30SJ8FEV9
]4=92J
%T)_AT8SL@PS-9!I[Y;;9#70;6
M)=



79^



$R]$7XH-H
MO$VY7S**FQP&=]P:=^S0]:9@;NUP4P3&TS8?FS:P?#O/55#0_
`?\+'F


!^S;_UIU3[U=V2!1+


M[3Y07WF'6
:F&6[9F^X!87S?;HJUCYY.N8NA1B2FP4Q'0/@H
5C+13T+AH?GHO8



.]IRJV_VPKVQ%
M)L2N^U:@K;[A?O(\Z[OM..PP-G\/IM<^;MBN6C1T/0Y.:KUO2O.0Z]#H*R!
U:J
MC_6YI2*$]7UF]2-.+V_6I'+8NJNV



H
M`M&WV'P768&BEB\.FNY5'H&L/ZQ]D``XRK7J8#HGC^9'1-PHR]FT-OQ'EK@I
M]

\HS0

M&1DH
$8!'O#!?SAI/

M3:%.YJII2*$1O`CI6BPX(;H/\+-]T:Q47T@&QZDC:CFCN4=DR'@'F\02V=A/
:A##BCKU<ZL4N+B892_5$ILC
Q2]FGFN*BLP]*T=J%T.=


[5QC3?O$'-
MI+X\^A0C3&&9+U[^_:'B_B)Q]#G6!MY[`=WR;EU]3;'IT4)(UY94;Z$68C

-/L
GW;4]BCP]_'LW=DH]$$X;Q?%VU$57?4KEX*]
M_+/.8-M9=3


M_#/
[UX1YKSU-

NA_?$70V_@F9(S\J`\C!89\

ML;







M7!)23'##\AW7:%M]MZHVD_[8^C6
%H=$XC@3^CB(8L9%.24C=;\UA0V;4XD[

E)L1&*\PSD_)=ASE]TL*
M'Y4B

M8[S\97HW^RHE'4)Q?(5HM@






MQV7*OO+&YC]#FY*F2$;5`I3#@WQKDX6F5P2I^7+3TZN\W6C;NG00W2$6)8

M-;K00EGF(EW\L%R_X1

M_X



R1%U_XTSL5*/D(K.>(ZWA:#()7B=;CUWSXJ8]Z:6
M:;VZ)ZO&(;+D8L]O[DVK]6W6\H)?]SR5V=:UO`38/3UBKJYZWAL




D)4UP
M:WMM4+J'SU\
)\0M^=2P*?L[



7QBT$&/SM_&






M%K_B.#/LK&7VZ-B;O%?S`2[!PNKBJO8L:U:'U)6N63?F[TV*#6PM%8#3:6DX

?JT@.U%Y8YBIY6EQ:HF?=!5[C
MRO3`_=WK##54)54Y:[8T=:*<:63\[X8=\4&EI=?OD1%
XZ6VZ`!:8J6(RV]


KN90



M??_\-5(KM30%]
_AL3JE_9;Y:#C@]
U%.&^DX&#;3&UY^^.['YG2PE(K'K41


`




&IYH-:6

2V3AW=`2M5I
M@I;)P3O@Y`0;7TE2\-=58]&]HPYS16[AH.LW,4B8T1S=:\A(Z5N&1DAIS@I
M*4^(X-ECQH+FIJF&PZ+:HIRQ
MY7



P)JWMDJEA4[3QD=DZ3OW[B1HNE%(6UA*G#KJ?K;E\Q?$-
`+W4-A.*
M/[MVH,]0YW^Y]OR`G?S'!N(D:IQ<$#MBVH9S;?A/-\I!36J.
5GIW&W[GAQ

M)$\'Q+8E.`013&C8$^R[#]*TOR&6/(DH\H)2Z7*QMFU]#`!.GH&?#)L-TY
M.K;A@5L2`:4.4\N[
4DS3%LC%FQ6X$6G;!=SN]T9)NKWJ9`HX-UQ-ND6%75R
K&<.'=H::QNPX_HNZVEB;H-,0TF;TMTPVY$9U<



E3VAE3H(:
MXS1V\$)'1NBQ&Y69P[@.61XX62V7ADO)6I#WZVJH3X)H`2)N:7BBJP]2LII
MZ[0)G3@J7B_ZHJNNM:Z8347;E60DJ1M;5*5C(&FGQK=I
5[6K(54%RWTXCV

##







B=?ZC[
MI=

M#9K%4G;KU.


M_#]02P
$%`````@`=8`;1;V8HL4P/P``(2X$`!4`'`!J8G-S+3(P
30P-C(V

XEN;[
M1


@@+X/]U?_Y4`?(A##JR5X

MWW___OT=0NYAQ'=.N'U_]?;M8;8O*5V_7/WYW2=


-M86.\JO.8

$@07WCKP5GC4

=
4:5BMZ^C6V(8N\/NF#3%=:B($+0O?


W[5T2


4$!Z0T1;=L2RED3U)COAGVX]']/P`A=QZ'R;[H@L





H]_O`SIFS
^0'Z^S!$;X
K^$






]:'3HUIQOW9CT[Z;['![6E


*#A
M=C.PI[VZN)];$F(YHW1_27K(Z?S32D
6\W#%+CXE[A1=@R
&2
)&+$1#!*-X
QIY9SEW:@;JG/;QXX.E(IF%'2N1^31$N)`@6Z5
M]A9$6



BM=.Z1Q@X=`3O(


1X:OP95^;SR8MC(6(RB4*+H/-N

)P/GJ'_ZYO3O[]O
M3
\*1
^4WTGT=@W`+B4*^G%T^





P







MT%1\(CS22BT


7&``74858.%%EYCL?CK43''S5)40/U



'

;-B


MB*5L#V:M+J7T(=UD'(8\I8RP@'(7#)(10F01:([1.\9*/R<HM)XZS<G`M_
MLD\X4^$UZ9]G!=8`+9/




GG'KO$'







(_TXA'2[!%24]R'[S!J:IDQ

+D
HX:


X38



MV7S\V_AQ
ALL\X36.Q.ZCTX8#<]!=W'
RQGSOQ7/Q9QV5[EZ2B\BSX_.:&WFVCAX?


M8&$YCI'WG

7[M'5$\D@



'SYT2









8E(4)







11P_`


965-H8BE=D'P/6^)OA


M-/(@!0C6HC.K^+LQZL1O9)1:6$^AH5V[A


^\``0.R2XD*6G6

MM:#W=O35B[$D


M
*)X6($DSA1U)(Q2A[?&VGOVLX32*HG5O^DJ)G]XRK`L/.#OKRC)
'HF49L.



FX&Y3PRK
M7..5+%P^X

MA]10'@*?RMKT&:FN%Y/2Q:34ITE)+J+MA[

MK6A3.$NE6MZF8&^&1


M!?Q
GYF^/
ALT8/
&E$8

M%E7F\T5O1D/S]`I%5&;3`=)L2)HFJ:3`%\'3T(:U1G7FOSE(L$?E9+$Q3?

M&



M\QI_\)SKYZC1.JLOJ#+4O#/V82BP1DU#
6[;U0R^(AZ;]]!H`:=\WPXA2$H6
MMRZQRGC\5/=?.=?2


MB\F_;\+M
V:E*_0Q2W:^^



M[VF:&P?\&





#GIF

+
CRNKIQ&W*7P
5*[A#
D(VA\[)2#)DA?SQ/@2@G=/BN@AX\(D/)

8!K
$.1OBWU[-4(BO
MBMB#QP8=^7ZF;(7*@:9:`TPYG9SE%:78Q87-NV`#I8QE=O,O.WWG+U=-PA
M?5W)



M:M6O\\+/LUH47+%4%FW


^9YI+CW:8E.4^_)DB=QE^`5


M0SL0W
(51`BZ^(?T[5ZL

\:/FN(QBR?'!%TWJW#E_=1O$/$Z_V1

MGN'?FN!9OHM&2;RAI[(@PH+3V`ZZA5$6W.8#IMW0

Y68L,*M-,.7FD$
M(V58=S#(SG,.@G(+0Q0BO+N#]7T81=2W@J_K[PYT8EE]Y3RVIYV(1)51:GK



X



^H/=2AE`VH
P^4L=:*3



MYPS';E]&Q@GS4LUK
AZUMW`VT$U\.%U5XR2G*YZ.:@?=.761-=3=A-NM%Y/C

MDDN]J#HS$$#\
%4SM[BT/FV7W
P6C\WPF1F_5&TC;W9]WX((JF*TJAT(7)
M:*@E;J!8Q^-EY%;HK.MBPB](:



MP?#O\/H1VI
X
Q:.`0KP+HP.V_!ZSQY`(-IV.:
)T9Y-SB/8BDMQUW8[(RR&

D]


ML'@Y2L
CPACXY;_?A%'\&





MF+#(PY.TM$ZAQYG5E**#3'.H/Q]1DQJ^EX/#E8Q//RQ5N)CBU`[UA8J/3!=9
M[T0



K1?@T5CDNQ!]

M0E

M7G'-#HYP5-2

TTL[YKU^SZ#-::O#8.:IX]#F3%A+



MN_U\/8F!


+?DK
)?^KSTY*


5@X2

NKC8F=AZ`:
HM)/[:G
MHAW;G`QH@?M$I

B)\;$;[XV_
%U#\I%UCUKM



J8;+
U
;


RG12?4?+N*21`GJ]$VC4-NP$X3.T0D

-C&.G*!H8NMO-
M=.&8XDPFGV8\T48:(BF5\LRDL2.=I-)%+;FN)Y+.?PWFD&RW-!4]1L)$^3
MR.M/5BP'G[K!GRB7ATO;`SJ8B$_W41_L%




K)'+\P


(6Q40@[\C:3?P.BS:$J6C1R


(B+W[@36H2A7?S&)M;Z0`U6AXCZ0Z+/E^$U


M9
$/#R6PWJEC&8]DA_@!




M'1\;`U6'

Z19'C#%-`]*VGS%O4T@XU&4J6HE`3452`6K
MVF@H:S#O3RQB





SGJ4E&(&N0O
9R
MPZ8DU4?V`5+S89UQ


MEB1;)70`5OD[DQT:!K0(__'#:W(@\UZ6(:D)






MPLA!WBX]U*[#((DR&UR)0$(9Z[-H

TX3JQC:N
M^2K8N=J?9C4



M6'0Q%EV
14
SD%APZV@UC\@++D.TEQSR@DB2`FE.KRY-DE37F%PASLG[R[


Y*'

M(29#N4R/(






;W#!*

M\%2

MS^BKZR')+3[F/+)+U\380;Y6QF3\J$+%$;3X8F[P'DCPK(J$UG7215N
\#Z=

MMD-=%R

+-/K^^Q-3WSBKPTI:/G#-T^K=DH/DN

#^C(P;
M#B3
4
P3J_1:7*V89CYHH#U(-0EZ![$VF65EG'X*P3HZV5VLQ[S.3\$U*W


ME(50[F(%!L)1M4^CU&/P)2_ZXLQKS]CGJ8'(--[^603-

M

MY-!]3&+!_/S&6FA)$X=29O.)8+32
OL

M
MW%3!)$'0RJW--#/I_`QL=L:I!F\NEDI(B+Q//;#YIZ70:QTHFL;`B3[ML'
MI5S#EU0_+11^!;[XW*LV


M3%7X*8X8*5GD7(UBS=DF5IF
IKO9AJ@G5E.QL

MO[\%
7@*0.)Z

EM'2BX21]]HGK


XV+=Z^
XS!\7/P^/9PZ/X\(OA44Y/JOHG@0O

O
AB0:\QR




#$T

M`-1=:W/;2';]OE7['SK:9..ITH
<*6

M7%`U_8OPP9

V*YGF;IJ1=!6-:K
MRG0ZO6#_ZC_MDH\NDW)CZPPE#@-1[A/PM[/PL3/XZ4Q1S_K*^;MKG/P-%/[L

HG[MYP8-
M$1
8CN\R.)\L[[E


N@?IKU3^J[
MP;I'WKYZT!%G!.;&=5P%GX=(-6##_P]Q9WRO1+%LE^51[A


MJ/Z^A)$7;N.X1^U&H^$T&HX)Q:.D?$05H%A#VY
31:
T+;FO=
C]TA&=EC!@





5[7HZ:.G.9XT7X?@ZR5^
M(9;5MKM5^OK-.WI0ZMHLS/54F)M4_`_0*#20Y'^$I

M-

M-DU;=Q:NUZ#E7[!C.5SIP%:9/^%W[Y)J^)8]=E%;FOBQM[JF\DY#3WNJ&JU$

M38%$LD#2


H$ZT/G[[#2`[N9G83R
MYX57&`7&\
[9#9391S4$EQ*)37;O6?7QXTYIPBS;F2MKTQ#]6Z'HIIJSDX
M%K?&9:#(:6_?L.

):(F$A_



M=JS*W:W:'@YIYKJ

\
XYMJVC*)QF]0#P@=J




H@
MDD^K!2V)K!=[Z9ZV).8AV\)(U:^Y9P!]Y(C3;9[Y$K%HE\F5V@UW%^9A*



2
M74HZ^*OQ96-;MYK^2BSL[`J.M&A2LO!
THC9G.':'XUIRQ6D'*88A9IAM5BD

A/4!)@4WX8V$H2GP3LU`1V1H@=L=!SA!V[Y$I/
T%
M(VL+P\I0EFO4I+


'LGN4


MIZWQM;W6R'Z7E/LUZ:DIMJ5*R$^*\PL(1;_[8CN5&^IZ6T3PTW)WY1+]
$K+

3).]Z]

K[6HS
M9(+IXG]@T_AL.X^:B8NW#7*](IQVQ?;PAH4R47IAPH2$8AD2\)!J+M@_DL




'9%/=+95BN/(


MGN\])#RTYKY+YL93(,UH2``Q1+D!/8Q7K#(OK3M;\@.)
L


I'5P;B9

KRMV8Y$B4XX3;BB)%V)


YD








J_8R=QK?Y0H&6FAAIV\,:B.!X-QG#20
M&ZI;Z`+BF$[T/;OR*3Z$`D5LJEP&U067`72;G)I'9BX4(E4^;T]6#P1:D.@

.'+6UJ!&6V8Y()JF\5Q?K9K(B=CR-6/^)=_/UQK1W&$
2

M'4Z'_3!]


CLD


#

T`61$]N+?F5S#KV:2&




=(X--
/M==K[.BTFEQ8+PXV


)L?])Q,SL&SL]S..\ZRIINL;OJL87J:#+I#:O26]H9CB*P^&';X((@KTQF

U4.'Q3


M3T\Z+[.F;-+%K

M=!YID8L-MD
_M+$\!G+?E-.TY)E3)2*'&2T+E8N6M$EADH

M9&WH@MA3N'G(/[*B(^0KB]





*_U@C_;#LR8
MAPO&W5O-P'#Q\Q




3;4A$-:[

W:N']<P0$<G
MS8YV][A3RU&Y4GZ7T
&OU.C_;^]=NQO'D;3!OX(/LSM5YSA[1.H^^TF^9+5G

;SX!8(

VF`B@-('BX
C20.

XSRN@AD*N17

TTI%-FZB(1@.K#,
MB018)DB%ZKYW1ZJU=B]KU2&0+TB+R./PDQF(^TA56_UPFXM]M[RF%7%%700J
MD[L9L1]Y












N$9:JGU6P3[S
M[HJ6:JQ=

M[.']8M^V%WE[O!I^*3,5S2PDL?WKN;YM9\G`TZ$HF`BL1YOTF%2R)5.8O(
M

TD.5(3DC0&0`
_^(
M.Z35:P!)2:MZ)N-Z4WU?R:,6]]1N-+72LX+X9%<B&1#1(<;I
)5]YSR#;8
M



6I184\P^PNA@V-#YX0


C24N!TUL+F
MA2?(6@19D_IOG%#DI7P/^=_FPIH'#?R0;W6?1CH@-Z6OO.T=:DETUM;RKGJ0
)ZK#5&H1%1+']

62/JG






+DE50)(@G!S0F[-@XK!46R=O[C]




M]'/3E1



M7H#'P/4V[M'9`Z?10CW8JH9=
XY*/M&/F63Z@K%
4MVV66UBKJ_
%*`-5RRM


&MR=ZO=E=NJE7
M





(PYW;KK5-SH[Y6Z]L4'=
M
M&%285CNZ1:\.Q:/[2#2'=Z041D83TP4W)QE:/UJ9GPJ$IK6M`1,$#?R!K2

ME-15`=3$*@QA%




`O)A4/-?;!&P[9


(*+T!
0T7]
:)3!/^Q?GQN)R;7***3*@YH.IJ*!M7^+@EB!K.;.M$5C4L
MV\!5<I!Y^+J*2ZEO2+(`9VZADACL%BOGT=BC%CPEA$*BV94P6X7.(4,`
M)/)3XH'<V/F7?39#^]6(U,(N6.'.L.?1A!`G.CHO79.$&!(T`GW9K7XAWWC
M!:

VEYELA`\^Q17+B.UEJ5[



M(L5A&+UN+1GD52`9?$FC(-$B_8FQ;#&(&PF9_-T/_D0*_B?8Y)HPG$X$L2;(
M-B*^'F;ZT%DGP2-\


DRH!4&X#4`8D^(%'(6$(:U+&$H))700`WT'W']RX93E(=
M

M4N



MDGP+PVW:ME/3T$X@M)279




MHC7
G[M*T[#PTU%5WCML[?ET-$J7@3H3SGJP$G2LM2`EONE-QL/YIC6]7XF#

M`RQKS`1P+)A


FA=29(;




8







M6YD%-PQHRX`V?19\TL]?

B@7+D]P!_P6GG`GH4:A)#!DLS'/1(


`NJ_

M8Q.
X

(QJ$C\Y7])*%7E-!*Z$'[-V`1*9&C(

MQI8FG:)Y4&1'


:8GYNZB!H`


M\HTVX_AQL=.O?^(/W)XY%3;-_VYIME!&DF%'R\M[,'I;U-HPC\X+G_UMN1Y
MS7`G2G#/_4?C&:,RXI'*L\@R':PK_FL

C;U4M;VV/`I.T(CA*Y\+PK<

M9/WRYZ_@B`TU)U^$+U1KD
?A'X



A3IS



M


MKW::W-@W*!NDFL@V]:KRE_Q?C.TN=`
N2_C)LG!-9QP9'J-I%.N'J__]=+EZ

MOP:/3P_77Z_68/W[XPUX7MW=/(
OM_^OOBE59R[(9EK=_#D4E3W!(U[7\5YO

*



T8`XL9(BBT6:8IF\K_=0
$Q%DO`
M1047MYYTG721;JYE@+DM:XW2;;;[VZQF5(`J=EJ)*^[N@\&0KCYRZO__E];
MZ-)Q`/I+N?M'/TI5^4SN*


RFZ150I7B)


@4+CW'$R62S*'40\L$:2&K?@U01_

3ZQ




MDLLU2$)JB


M_%U$4()62Q*R+O%!%)X]/?NYJ.MHF3;6QI)HJ2*2+PM&LF"C6@VJ-4:^V

/)IEO3




MXIXVE6=PN;!7]
`UW



[5FLPG
M`SFBM


=I<^Z%A!+





BQU^6!A.



MV


YL0_@A1FR\Q?\J?@RN0\@B'^$G[-4

M@?
*04K:N&X`=BD:F)[^?RKOPT5*^+TY
HPE_;7S(UZ1P
/\_&_BU8D^Z&H7
M;AI)MVK

B@<9G-PBC-9(%XQ\SODD7:9IP

[B-!4

]G`YXJI:XY.4#P



MB

MY04UW&(LSSZ[HWT*




'SNCM.@`

N/4`_4
)=MF#[$-%__

M)`.YPV:[PQ%UAV;\MH&``]=
OVK!^X\-#



M+^GMXV4`I\`8O3TL9U4K+C#P^80)ZK?`#\


T
MVKF$;M9Y&^_7].'@3V]`*@X)V:2@O\*.&E$Y?FD\7S(LSI8@TEBHZW;!H

M*LQ8JD@T%+@Y
4F#[D(2N#F`VSL';NCFF]S@84X&#\OS88!R\'?'?L%W9X)Z
M%&_RX@8+


0


%1F/71KI3A1



;RBC


S/JMI=91RM6%V^NF4
L5C\-XY;4VYF`9:18!
U=I):F^
5


MB
NTE*[MFU


0T?(O7
M&QK-YQ-A@&LOQ32D

+.\4@=_:8$P/KKR

M#




M'A8.D'1\G$'/4'4`RPELGM)[(M


?/2;=_1(W3$$'1JHY!IU9O$G
MOLZ2G_Q[)(D'V')(%

`



$S9_B!KAX^.6SY-W?24#HS0ID76EBO#,Q@+$

ZF%^CW


M(LV]R'FE=0

D1\
M_L?F@+^_]03OQ$R$=(S?`$:GP`.;4X`SP?<?-[8?`=U[5I/A8C&<QMR&UVG

FYV-3H:KQ#X3*L6*

%]`/%5]K(-'`9F[`(G&.

WYV]=\)7+;^C8/6#AG&


MJ*%:T2
4?.S.NNP(



*A_.!Y99
M/FA;3A_.$7;,7K'-(;$YB`5J7/3N@N_<*KBPPR314G*Y5#(6^FBMO2+PHGH2
MXM*.]QF]G*:<$]ZNUHJ6&%M%@;A2+?7


E[S08/%&7/B*/?O!][\(;^N35T




MLJ<3







4$4MO



1X:FS.+W%B

X
)*4F_!U`4W0G
M!
?`/T)M.;N\X$J'7VT.&1KMZ'_PN[-_.':`6_%=@WB@H!CO&;[Q9&%/^4@!



1^#:D`;V#=;[8+([;.?RC!6BM9=LTE67K4G)L

L2`_]LY






^-;[[2
M^KH&B+7I)+#099?0]D%V8E/A^`IXD(H?=M;#BSRYUA


MV@;0?7W#M5.==Q@XY`[.?

MT@\_SN]?!#]AK&)+B!




MW3)Y.!$I\E=]EE=^#E;^GZ(*]AIOD/R[I86K/X2CS[PIY-VB_`Z^^XU@RO

);&6:;J0#.



M+$(6Q(YW4KRF0J]ZTWE90=:$F:(G=&/C2TI*3_#H?.!EH/!A]QB@3LL].OO5


MHD0;U-CJA\M*(JP\JA@
Y?;YJQ/9EI5A(4JA@`6!/[`HC4CH9U4I]^^:)+^T
MV*42%4WA509%K1=
P






\.GRW@FF0HCIY12<8#(TP-0
M6?;91?OP0!8FXG2BK3WL\I!J\88QN/D#R^P*1^.]89NY%`U1':$EFSH_$$E
M:EJ)D68CSY

/(/Z+L^^GMW\T'_V[;AQ?.F
M4F2UJL




J$`2IM$/C4D89
HZQ&H_0


M49
W^.:SI35.V((69H]K+C[L`&T+X


M@BTI




M1
:$3#;V:G;!(


M!GGIID$\SYV-L=STXMP*]'7,!U#AG2(0Y@&S:$`PA*;CT;+$`I406IG!


AF(

M



M)(




'J2YI7;P\/!X\[0Z


?'6RP?P
M4R\9/8`0A%`W_C!M`''K;?P#O&NN359\1BW2LX;YZU].YO




%_GR'GH-OCHM\<(@U`&'J
M*@_Y\SO64%O8!_:2/



M[UWYAR.

MK

Y[0S



M^&\FLZM%%K9UEJ\U1%+DPNG);7+@Z_X^-VZ==-`DHU+;1I#?C1&^IM(15S
M@=?HM
[=VR*O










-R+N6U(MFI_7B0/A5(-ENL5:Q8/V

MT!;@6,RZ3:TE4#I;=%,S+E$&=7-F@R7RNL[Z#:.;S1=QCZ\H?'0^R#+-


M7@`4:M
S@&LIICN@-N\K@\&+JYZ_0[S
TSIJYA=D'HASVHET
G8'()
[!MXA
M6:S4/3`?RDY2,\)I)=G`.F:2.\`Z[+/S(8VBTYT$X%&0GM1#N1N=JT([11



M^V^[U8HSF0Y$=YP6
[O[4M^9[

+ZG&-]1C!]BC!\3C`=IFXI+?*IS2&?2(XUJ
'Q(CMXU6O'H=S=Z<SWPL-NY&YC6
M6=56*D0&W:0E1'I_!?.'45(R'6K%&3N
ZK#-/Q?/0LXSRAFD/_1WSYEE0;`@




VCP$[PK8;]W7Y






M_PV[%6


M-@4WX87M9&


AW!6K9P%*FN$?A[@$ZK7D/[9=LEOV##`
W6EOMX
MACT?6Z)P3W)
D\9!TKK^HRV*'=?8\\=[VG0&DV[+HIG


M]\K
;X[K93.M;M
6!4H9PFK#6RIP7&+
.=4J*RU[01O;4%C-






IXD8=0OIA

Y
V





CH/4=
MU;!L4XAW

MIDYZ?$\E%

MN$L0Y\?+P@[2B=2'W;7[CHC#V[8!
O^D!MSEFN?/LK


MUHOM^!8![Y64DVW]9*7'M:\J`/_1O[$MJM03X71FMKZ0='+.H*,^3ZSMDD


0:L+%4A5%Y*

M\YJ@!EUU`9XAJV*F)%1M'(\)JMSOU6

]_0)@0WAW2\#:A_I5KQ[BU,\)
M.NO*.YK%J3[+9`I!:8$T=U'F!<EBZ3-;%3Q!VX6D'85'S10YB&KXJ&R@U8Z





M?NN1O

70^N+Z[F'TZ'M\S#?U0E]EF*\F]RVO9A.*0NLD3?#-W^_




M!^.
R2!-:.!:F?ISYW6/1E
[)6!\L0T^8DUUR*ZV0922J@%PPRG/G!%F!5

MHR$Y




M6`14BU-T(^G.]6#XL*
5XCB^;/%Y31@J*

\
M`IUT*3L$*


F-@*%:%4T;F#V+$$YMRVK!:&**G'V`JL



UZ8.]_+OS!K/VO$$+C_HD%+S


Z\Y[.E<Y!
M7=*=[O0OA':DB&XLUW61=.#9%REY+SKDIR^9

2$2[/



/X@#VM?TC01G0QQS`;3.7T:!M#
\
B)FK]O,%\[**L1S`7*DN^D;KX^^_OMVG^

HQO
MB[.O=80/GN%^C\]L'
G%;FBTC$:13IB_JRS$9I-+9*G91]P2^:^'U'QSCQKO
MB6A%7F7OLL%I.GKGOYU0\S#8?WQ.[F3.G3&Y=L/-W@]/`6Q9^A65HK#7%E1-



QG9[Q6B+&V4-YIFRVER?P!Y5^L!BH[:
MVSS:JXKW2ECD0[IHH+:H91:4RS^A.G(%Z@M)R.[$+M:J\)UMB`?OP:L:M:$
M26&99^4)4(?/


M0^I]K

+B![CL^\!#RI8@Q7E`Y2FO4

M!\DM(T[.I?$-K@67[C6?PQP$I2PJZ_]MSI7

MI$SD



MZB?T#)A&
#]H9BTD

6]?NAS\9A%3S

_JYX-ZQ7A

:N

MGR]7%3%@OWUHU]A




WF=QJGM73:U85X:VG/+8FXV)OZ::R
MDE+*'Q=@#U'<Y$]&;N$Q@!N7Z*6ZT(T4DXM03TU.A&GK,/O:9??ZE#A1Z#_F
M%_;,)KWL?\PN)O/1!6*,\`C10/8=[K6L:G'AL]2O-CA23W]Z=#ZP)N'#[L[U
M(/KC*H!;MWEAJNEYI3UJ@Q+<_8X]&Z5;N(DLG-!I.&_4'GZSJ#+
7!2LA!!






M`!8($HG:SUC+

`G
MY&_^_.JY4?CT_+4-?HQWU*O61&!50(K+3*2R`-$(`2P1-X!E_U(TZ6J78O

SKO5%I4AKTX9[Y6`\

M/EOF\L;**-+=4_4WS!8W3!=N6!U2HR/TX.

MBIH69?C/!2RS97HB$^2$FG0?DU2#[0:#]2**


1-P%H&\7C2WI7]H?S!
'I9V?C[MWH`UPA
M*4C(EN9*/@;^/^`F^J\FIYB%99[@9P.[U:N2TK#CW#F:;9;X?G6`WA9NOS@1
M3E[YN$9:E





Y)!X)
ML7^.S)5-55L070




M:D



MX)

M%XOI



M-OL3&AM_1@[%EIRBF$V3DJ6/


L`;:%#F1]3



MMC/7I?[$G%.\4=T
]I$(T7J.DO51-#




A

'C%M*1-FD#Y!J)3\.9@'6YKK#+A[-[N4(+YGD#OQ'I





M-;


MM&1Y]O

Q-VP=$`9!ID&P74!V*

3?W4\)

\

XYO1#SHV;4DW'&%Z3QX71XPKN=^V0Z]-D/



8


M;[$W\L6





EA%I2$_*G9$Y[=O80WY40

Y2]?%=5Y4Y@WPR'DT7TRK[A5@B#O$C


-8^_M'#*0HC-)-PO5?!I37EFE9I%-MI4ZW[R.(9NN

A4==
M+%._A*GE2QI.\V&3S7S%;_K*-Y.$V4J+`+3FK#P/IX9L4C6DO(Y2/U8'H5CR




M@0:?68L@:1)D;1I%$@

M/7R]7S^3GS_=/-\\?;MY-H

;+R*U)_D&









6LN*OFT3_&RL
MJ;`
HGL5#B3IB3%3CA2)Y#KNF!]ID+9](28!7`PY
#0#)=@;J\2GD3*.Z
M:G7SSQ

-BXZ*U;CVI=VKLE9^2NG0CB




M4F8_'3_53TF\)Q1#HK

0-<J7Y+?GR`FB



:QE+#M*52


M



(@ES*@%7HV^@=
MJ;)4):7!OOE[)`M7W)

MU#3


](?[%C_-




MDJ4MB]?^P

B$^ZMRDE
MXA0HF-X-@

M5D-P\K;(@=$;!



M]34@AW5Y_*
NPW(P)BSF4P[S
;&_P'+(G6ZW@'K_-


MQ\#=2$]K%&S]/

V92N[?FDIEV














M.5K
^70X.
$'YGE.3Z



00!JIF=;<WAEM&S<:P5V=:SI;6K*WA'-:_1SUT2Y
MF6;*9[(
.U.K#
DR]UW9G^;





MV+3P0?ZS1OJMOTN`7WO'.UCP?)75?

MNUB'V-&3J\19D&$7R_A/^
U'`JG0+329C#+K;HH^SX0
C1^%4FMR.?1Y;T
-

M'T%V7\B6A9GJF
+/@!S2%CNHNW.D5O?N#^VZ_XNO[GO'UD]0RO#Z#C^8

M
$46X0X(!J!

1MJN

B8L:[YX:O'LA[MXS8

_'/G?X<!_9M[
M<
5
ATW8F&(Q96[[6
M3T.RN;(7&DBVIO5S)]FJ22(I#0ME))NOW_/SD6S?KU!/LC\=L3:C?W!B;?A
):C_9BD<O=__L*Q[]8O'?9\6C


JC8K`?![O&(%%AYV[\B5?9D#RZ
'OV]N_E8PQ_1)6K\
MS\9/Q_6R4JSS:
2_U#2WTL
+5#`I&).(!E@VH



MA`^!D7%)%X4X`VL\GHVLZ?\95P+K+0FL#9;ZET$P5



MK38;_^1%^+(G/(1P8=@Z=.9[624@N3022'J9)U6_
\$@DPP2T28






=(*6KA;!#-=6O4--
M[/_G%+CAUMU@X'V!K-O%6]Y2V;FR51$H3K9
DB.P1#*T)3)!7BCX@XK5U9W*
V=,'S8D4U='@A5
MGM<!G[(2_$U&8W*T'R#5-)

6+!`0


M`7R#7NB^P_BGW/#DDJ('J3RJB41O70=)I9&-J$(KR2\
0K!\=]1TI.(^T`!G

S6#G*QKOOG[+0H4NCS##VW&NWH`W:R0R`!P6@/CO.1DR=$@Z
HR



MG7`MU6:;;?



MF-%-WOL1O';#S=X/3P%LK3W$_;[63K1!*9$N9](




6@%.&CJ/



N$TS=701

M/]59/*Z'&3:W&0ICOAHPI2@O6:LUKJ_]@^



+T






M^V243



/ZH(`:9T_GV&^



M$UGZR@%)

MY&T1
COE`Q.GIKTP`E

`R?(*X;B^+J
[+X$05U
M0%






MQ!=7HL^MN
#*`$YLX5DB6F.%Y*'


Q.@_89A4ZBL8

1/
MS_N?2]C@!(C@`[/%./D')HIQCBCB'_\?_$T+49/[A0(`9ZWQ'\&?CI+^%3RK
M1517;6-TN/BF77*+M=ZC,]5OCT.W9)R67@O/!&[R#WD+P`OTUGQ(96]3*%E
M_K-3B^2

M]+G?^]]QXMTUW
$@('W$*@QA=/6&/@*\]9AU\H3%*
5




G3!/6C$<[AT\T0'J

6&.




M5$'W]0V-\U;O
*356





M8JA!AGZZJU=
(%-\VC((0F17




$0

M)OH^$?


M_/#^W;M=DAS^^N./7[]^_0%KQCS!S?:__CN^^^+[WW.*/OKNS__\`$15_O+
M,DI#[Z_O?JG]ZA:[



:__1OWZ


S__6#3\[K__




_@3#VW\`C




'-(H3_`
X


R*?_.3G8_F$PT);E(_P$;Z

$F3
YK$VOF'0T;?








[@%54/P1EV&.^
MR=UC'Z$3HEZ#P-&3I'%P6Z7[O0./\TW-:3AS$_\-K=I!4&%^
MA/#YI`P+A0`=(R.$CJ//($:DU7W*PX+1_LEQ^
Z_5@L[#






.8GS*712=-@K_RA_/
TSS+*<=M!%P7_
M)P<_=\MO-E/F<M\PB03$@8DW6[A'$FO(<[GGH08#I3JG:2&G
&W5I:R6*8K
M#K&5J)\8FCGL@
0P(B4:0!`G]Z32\*!R@_^3(YPCY9K#=?;:4N8&.4SYOVH2
M!`


RW^/LJG@4BGT8?1^0TOA?@EY,B
MV`0__QQY'BD&[@_;Z.U'#_@_XOG`/WR?/4/U/G\<Z7^@7_T^0Y_V\.<?`F=;
M#!<XKR#X^W?G?_]1FIZ-$[^2-YO2^/NMXQPRHD0Q
5O3JG+?_W[+4Z@SHL'
MW$5[QP]/R&0TU$)OM-^CDPH3




!;M`^V$:2O@F:KL6A;I*^![SX$



HIVWU43W?W/GQ(8J=X.

M&E`'_S=.^&7^!J`'G0UUCYXTTD)GBC1


/TS0DP/;/DUH$0WVPAK\G1




F3O;BRVU+
MG=I6![I+D#A8RMT[
0!LWJBR,9W?1JV'!VO]4*Y`NJ?*(5U&`VUTCO?E7:

M&!9FSDN%DEV7
VA)0*.CMW91_H6*TKW*:M




P%7QV7@H6@Z^MED&%D(A]
M]TN&4`BV)



3T-8O7#&F@_



=G;3P`4(`G0#?B_/V
M?NAC10

D!GJ55Y%6G!G3`KT(8SH

!L48?;C!0VLO3V





M%KRD.#4
!62.KK5_1\*O8G`RUMU_Q



Z1D=XU7#OH3K?]I+\YXD8=3J5YS6




MX871JTU^(T*R:IAU+2T[7HH(5G-QL%@2'
D@CDEI614
LP;2_LH4VEK:VGN
M6P(LWX/MEQBF5Q8Z(6*Z21KKI\4WV^'TR)P:$9?OXQ
BP`2\)O;GHS)C5GK

I?O
3*%[CZTXEQNBQ9+WA_4'AX0HW3














MA/0KR#T&U%*Q-@I=].V


)J5G/S,#A^=K#I`UEGF[*
MZ7L


4D
H(9'

M^I5*LP



6BWEBM_TNFEF



Q8F9N%2B]OW:4NG/2Z@^7#M4O`&P`K?KQ6P

7]Z9TON+9(+


R%D]]'#P








M%


M:


M65HE^[4!+X+_KY%2[HOAS.=]O0
0.)N$FHXA/9PVE4W!J5Y7Y21/#ZNU8JT0

?((

M(IC@GV^C_:L?`F^VQSQ1U&[.SCH
C!+J:JIH;C&N+EIB#[6U41)'BSVTMM69

#^AX)//)RCSB



MRC$BI8L5W$0KC4OGZ[.#MJCO!&*30.^H]WV:SOW2?
VG&P9;CZ&^D(GL9UO3
.!_#N9L+9\UTOBTMK



%=#P;3]YQ:T=SO/W
M7`^R]AF?P;%\TO/2C#G1@IGG^1EIC^$F@OO


U4ZZN

MF%

+6TC&=5WQNS)*^\'NQ^HY1F3$H.=AE\D[*^RAC/1KL0SK]&

TT!5MCLCJ!):KG




M-%KK3731F.0$K-''&+I%:U
3:&;J%Y3&2JZF//C8.ML02D9J/=2*T'H0*_

M`)::

)W#


ZN&L_

MZ&PN7QTI)$)CF)`#

SP/-D!6-\\[&U&;:X$SQ4(]LX:?'/B

M@2:HK





M;B&I;IF'='S\VMKT`(0\W;8_2F!W8?RPFHW+

DA@K5?
MZW!0Y.K/`T`3X`2(C/MO!Q#&X`:$8./33.N7CJ4XIRF$D\11FB=S./C-@H3
AQJF43+MXS8*N7LK),O
M.88NB!.)C==G1)T(-+:/W,1R#:&#QY(6;J\\JX=6#K@FI!-[#?IC_Q.NKF-V
M:CV7GP:%

T.2ZN`:CZ7ZS`6[BOX$&)6TKGV)'0R@PRAL

^^?:9R0
M\&`/*
Z&
I7G=D.AUS*@#FDJ!NB7MVA3^TF
:^T@O6/7@_N6P2QRDIJOW2DY
M1FWW-PZ`*5V0V.YG'`#





@*O


MZ0CLGSCLN6:&:Y0IIJLB


ZGUQ]S=FGN=G5#V&FPCN


'I_:
M
$._U9HC
@J2.GL_)/(&;Z-/









AB1%_O
'VMRLX?:UGYD.[
ZU`ZZ?K
\-`#SS4D9]0W-B3(EBEU@%$SY;]_


M
Y3BOMXYR6]1&GB/^P
BK7PO;\U\+%YRL

2)3C(+

M=A^=&U9JSMJ#\*UP7/E.G6VWD&A0N'HM3OL.L)Y&H*KU(KE6TP;6LX$?T@11
M].R'_C[=+YPC(?TN[;Y;R^YM

M(1L+T/JNLSUX
2*F-=EM^Z6S\5M:0VARQ&!+52(VT/6(P%:OULM_WVVEB8
.'XG@`_9[T
X0/=2R!_PW[$9M8$U^?:!F

M:?X



'C


4B(;[GE7H9549T/;)?X7;

M__I
U
?6J//H1%S4^NKD
F/J




MT7V8(V9*;!%1]&9E#Q+E


MF6:#;S8X;B56J/XRH3J\UDC)GRIGX;V$4?L&X&MT7?




MA2]K57N

L=JJ([MCK

7^`:K\/+XB2^KNV_EJJN
MA(S8K-BJNHT5=&7YI




Z_
Z$E\)W?/UPZ7AHT7MZO3\@.]'6=


MD1DSHBY#4HAZE*1NKD]?(J9
(3
M7E



M5:LO_
HF55SM`UZ26


M@\HE%O&




K(/S$=FO\0%@9UZ-C#:]6F(4

&H
^6QKGZ?Y6(Q$



M@+08WRV2;3^%?E(D-D\UU146E)2^N'7_KQ3-Q6.(B$D)7?-D!^!ZYX2Y:5][
M\42N*)YY])D3.%4!0'F3J'K




M=(1DL.V7GX11X]%TQKO=I





M=$H=;@&@BZ':HE^42VFV00?J&CIAC#!B)`F(#J/7A]N^GVEBBO4$49\A]6+0

:1;EI4E
6
^60
:M20QG#\_'




NO4;XB
MZ0%N[KXJ*65MGDSD//@P3NHBAD&[S&AJD@BR&R3K!U6$42G5FL&P5DC-=\&
M85R4N5A$:#6!Q(?$#3L+/5(XY&3=Q;1H8^_AE/SC-($Y%0\(3W$#_#K)BV4

CU(EMJRM+.<AJC3M;G6(J85=A-=KJ55.^OFZG:T.



468H-=?79!5Q&I9=



8^@YD/+TH_U7L3#A2?F
M9+0_1$@#Q*4.Q;O5KQK%Q',[MX6T*NR.6FWC?+/S.(XW9/WQ!Y#%P(G1O;N
M_H!OQ(7;+K.RQT!*'#3E*HW-;?)Q,O1S__($IIQXL%WW1=(C$A1SCG&9H




O?=]V5Z/Y\\&R*VSW9`XU
M.[VM&ULS)I2HL%T'\I64-NA4B

M

A(
&<7YM;1#<!U
M2!ZS)\)`^(`Z.L$_@`.UW/DZG^7[./'W.&?[(4T0.\5?


MZZ!17W)^^Z3#/3!SW71/\K





M/N^R=



M0M5#$M5$$PUD?OO(#$[6N7Z(H'12DS'DF38WA2*F;KWRCFH:$J?:5^^E4#S@

PELHOF(#0Q7J8-6+&.]


'[SGH




MFW49@@Y@@#F!OTYZZ$



RJG9=$+]E5!\


A15HJ7UM3+32#[;[K%EZSC48JRV78H2I0

7A.3^3Q0N_?C+


MU;DQWWR$41R31DHRNV;!/@H]5LGD1@



Z']M5


$[Z+T-=FD04$/^[VY[HYZ
M+G032!%16'_%$X8IZGB'@-%%


MY4(!U^:



X6H46T'6SUG





M[G%_0/1AFN;X.:!#%#O!?/


IK)K

=H'_AI.).&4=HX.NB\W(RMTA7._`


G6WR==?#U*0;S#5H__AZM(%KB


RKU0SKI
M0W%B;_7
:

M


83_YH\AD@(ID2:
%?0
-]0O$_N`#HHT3F&)T=F8W/T
M5TPQJ:.PQ$=[D*EPI)07_F?^?1'R10=3S`O3HA;A0V0@Q3Q0?EJXAS#+T2

M\Z8\HA8@A4_5*


MXB/J5OVR?82HS%V*H??D.Z]^0



M8W;@)\/]A/R8O;J`+S^`$%]]





=UA'\U
M3Y

MMF0(T?FBZ(.4S

M.D0%N.T9-@.@KE?(V9[*
^0VX;-);


KUT.CR\:`:`_M4$=OR5*A-]9AN95?[W`$G[?3
`P1`TBHWX<)(MRHK(1GD.PB[Y$H:D7JRO^.


M9[O;7Q`YKO5SC0G5.29(?
Z3'8`85@@2'X(ZK(98
B?R?EG2*7+KAGL$+?)7
M=C8HDEEV.



AP[#GS;4\#Z;'DY




`7XL?0$C







M
C`Q-#`V







%$NP1[LNW(1?%,NX_KW+(S*I9)WY3GSJ6N'Y6+B%4J=2U*A:Y?+P(M')*(U
M?T0$WNS+1)0O632B*Q:NJ<VJ,1#:N!7SHZN`KWIL06,/BN.OF'KNPF7.:%1
MQ-UY'+&=!+&_3?(OU/(+]?T@$JV5^(U/UFO77P3I3WB`5?(=#SQF`2T)_G$S
M'3SJ9)2VN6U

I(0=LO[7T5^]IC^#J
_7^)OVWJV;$G!(?P.Q5.4QP2

V@-`-O!9NZX]%L/!ST.E:_=]D9=D;=_NQCOV_-
M$JPJI%
@=@$PY5K@[Z(BDFHBB2H#5WVX)A2:Z.B.12Z42U7L=H440+ZJ#B1Y






[

!*@;5.MWMS?3
4










1H4R$O!SX()LK5!
B/8:\WM
M%




M\%$KF$7Z9(9);ID(TX8Y33%G.]KYP(





MW2.Y?R1QD'P1'I+$19+Y:(C:%%&[E'


BYW19MX$PVV,1V
M+W&'0+N6.K1]:8C75*_NSL4;9)`2'P$*+^VR-Q'`T%2M()D4Z_0MTL=$!S+

7J65`P30ZN*YF6^2&85O!D






M1TZ
IXA=
=LA1;[B&1%.1^<X_5PP



\2KTB?5EE?018I)*NEB.JU'+RJ4[L2M=M1$13$%XO(R


P%
MC[!OF_M4W*4(`^%L;7'JF.%A,SR<Q:L5Y9OQHKNO&-'[CU\318=E-@D/R



;FW%\9PI!&.
MI


'36D%\E*$\U'DA0TB
MC)#42K[FTXP








[C'O%B^TQG%9'FQ0IMSG0).J
M%5R1PID%C42H)#LZDQ'G3HRCDH1A5H/
FC+;HZ`'C_8508@XP@A%TRRK:4;!

MIF;









9#)Z7JPH.%<J(K#%E(E;,:K;-S4/H

M97R#6B^JN%

MC^.


U%K[KB8-]L[1A#
)N
M)**B'W@0KS
C

MO%
4Z6GCXKHH






MPF[*
S66\,V0''4+11K




M9`
;-3QO?:#6$TJ?Q7D16OMS=)-1^@R*4=/=(TJB?V3*L=/^/L%-*'ZXPO@D

MRG'D`OVL

@?^9D/MI*9T9]+4(#U59Y5P4E-+)-7@2%-;?&;R=
MH1HE[5(N(7M.+Y1DL


DS`5-F:T=`0]'7@M5$#6A74.'
M^)X2P-`VJ


MY[F)`*NF74^)_?OW7W]#1;NU!]H/*.UO8I^J


3



KX;#M

N%-*&W(W4S;
M23%AY%^



-%V.U47J%QMXN!K9ML$@KV(MKR

/

MG?1PI.9IQ6^/CEH-0:
0WISN((CPC-NCX0*[
0[42L@)HH`A&=\9X0':QOL]


MW;]A[AO8

-O^AZ0U9;0N69E[/UR0^-

M\D\*ZRO;I'B#UY(==&*?UYH62$]-U+[R;1PEO!`63P..]?L$HM5^L
293FO]




M
C`Q-#`V






M
C`Q-#`V


30P-C(V+GAS9%54!0`#GCG^4W5XP`!
@!4.```$.0$``%!+!08`````!@`&`!H``D50
`````
`
end











    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data


          


          






          


          


          


          



Balance at Jun. 30
 2011

707
        
        

608

437

242)

204)


Balance
 Shares at Jun. 30
 2011
        

597
426

182
580
        
        
        
        


        

122
        
        
        

122
        
        


Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit (expense)

548)
        
        
        
        

548)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Equity award exercises
 shares
        
        

125
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Jun. 28
 2012

013
        
        

876

559

327)

204)


Balance
 Shares at Jun. 28
 2012
        

597
426

282
705
        
        
        
        


        

760
        
        
        

760
        
        


        

889)
        
        
        

889)
        
        


Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit (expense)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

341
        
        

340
        
        
        


Equity award exercises
 shares
        
        

704
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Jun. 27
 2013

304
        
        

132

430

164)

204)


Balance
 Shares at Jun. 27
 2013
        

597
426

440
409
        
        
        
        


        

287
        
        
        

287
        
        


        

599)
        
        
        

599)
        
        


Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit (expense)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

058
        
        

057
        
        
        


Equity award exercises
 shares
        
        

696
        
        
        
        


        

116
        
        

116
        
        
        


Balance at Jun. 26
 2014

827
        
        

305

118

503)

204)


Balance
 Shares at Jun. 26
 2014
        

597
426

569
105
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        

257


        

220)

177)


        

982

756


        

503)

164)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and that are recognized as increases or decreases in other comprehensive income as they arise. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which has not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


June 25
 2015

167


June 30
 2016

710


June 29
 2017

369


June 28
 2018
        


June 27
 2019
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

077

723

474




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 The following weighted-average assumptions were used to determine
 the fair value of options granted during fiscal 2013 and fiscal
 2012:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Risk-free interest rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected dividend yield

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected life (years)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        

 The following is a summary of stock option activity for the year
 ended June&#xA0;26
 2014:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 Price
 
 
 



 Term
 
 
 

 Value
 




 Outstanding at June&#xA0;27
 2013

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercised

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Outstanding at June&#xA0;26
 2014

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 




 Exercisable at June&#xA0;26
 2014

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 The following table summarizes the weighted-average grant-date fair
 value of option awards granted
 the total intrinsic value of all
 options exercised and the total cash received from the exercise of
 options for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Total intrinsic value of options exercised

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Total cash received from exercise of options

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        

 The following is a summary of non-vested stock options for the year
 ended June&#xA0;26
 2014:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 Fair Value
 




 Non-vested at June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Vested

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Non-vested at June 26
&#xA0;2014

 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 Exercise prices for options outstanding as of June&#xA0;26
 2014
 ranged from $7.95 to $18.46 and may be segregated into two ranges
 as shown below:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Option Price Per
 Share Range
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Number of options

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Weighted-average exercise price

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Weighted-average remaining life in years

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Number of options exercisable

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Weighted-average exercise price for exercisable options

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        

 The following is a summary of restricted stock unit activity for
 the year ended June&#xA0;26
 2014:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 Fair&#xA0;Value
 




 Outstanding at June 27
&#xA0;2013

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Vested

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Outstanding at June 26
&#xA0;2014

 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 The following table summarizes compensation cost charged to
 earnings for all equity compensation plans and the total income tax
 benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26

 2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28

 2012
 




 Compensation cost charged to earnings

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Income tax benefit recognized

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the amounts attributable to each share-based compensation plan and any related tax benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 weighted-average exercise price (or conversion ratio)
 aggregate intrinsic value (except for nonpublic entities)
 and weighted-average remaining contractual term of options (or share units) outstanding.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

274

405

420


        

704

078

488


        

978

483

908


        
        
        
        


        
        

205)
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

545

536

099




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 

 On August&#xA0;2
 2007
 the committee then known as the
 Compensation
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the
 &#x201C;Committee&#x201D;) approved a restated Supplemental Employee
 Retirement Plan (&#x201C;SERP&#x201D;) for certain executive officers
 and key employees
 retroactively effective as of August&#xA0;25
 2005. The restated SERP retroactively changed the plan adopted on
 August&#xA0;25
 2005 to
 among other things
 clarify certain
 actuarial provisions and incorporate new Internal Revenue Service
 requirements. The SERP is an unfunded
 non-qualified benefit plan
 that will provide eligible participants with monthly benefits upon
 retirement
 disability or death
 subject to certain conditions.
 Benefits paid to retirees are based on age at retirement
 years of
 credited service
 and average compensation. We use our fiscal
 year-end as the measurement date for the obligation calculation.
 Accounting guidance now codified in ASC Topic 715

 Retirement Benefits
 the funded status of the SERP on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
 Actuarial gains or losses
 prior service costs or credits and
 transition obligations that have not yet been recognized are
 recorded as a component of &#x201C;Accumulated Other Comprehensive
 Loss&#x201D; (&#x201C;AOCL&#x201D;).

 The following table presents the changes in the projected benefit
 obligation for the fiscal years ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Benefit obligation at beginning of year

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Service cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Actuarial loss (gain)

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Benefits paid

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Projected benefit obligation at end of year

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 Components of the actuarial loss (gain) portion of the change in
 projected benefit obligation are presented below for the fiscal
 years ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Change in assumed pay increases

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Change in discount rate

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Change in bonus assumption

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Actuarial loss (gain)

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 The components of the net periodic pension cost are as follows for
 the fiscal years ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 
 




 Service cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Recognized gain amortization

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Prior service cost amortization

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net periodic pension cost

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 Significant assumptions related to our SERP include the discount
 rate used to calculate the actuarial present value of benefit
 obligations to be paid in the future and the average rate of
 compensation expense increase by SERP participants.

 &#xA0;

 We used the following assumptions to calculate the benefit
 obligations of our SERP as of the following dates:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26

 
 
June&#xA0;27

 




 Discount rate

 
 
 
 




 Rate of compensation increases

 
 
 
 




 Bonus payment

 
 
 base



 
 
 base






 We used the following assumptions to calculate the net periodic
 costs of our SERP as follows for the fiscal years ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26

 
 
June&#xA0;27

 
 
June&#xA0;28

 




 Discount rate

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Rate of compensation increases

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Bonus payment

 
 
 base



 
 
 base



 
 
 base






 The assumed discount rate is based
 in part
 upon a discount rate
 modeling process that considers both high quality long-term indices
 and the duration of the SERP plan relative to the durations
 implicit in the broader indices. The discount rate is utilized
 principally in calculating the actuarial present value of our
 obligation and periodic expense pursuant to the SERP. To the extent
 the discount rate increases or decreases
 our SERP obligation is
 decreased or increased
 accordingly.

 The following table presents the benefits expected to be paid in
 the next ten fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 




 2015

 
 
 
 




 2016

 
 
 
 




 2017

 
 
 
 




 2018

 
 
 
 




 2019

 
 
 
 




 2020 &#x2014; 2024

 
 


 



 The following table presents the components of AOCL that have not
 yet been recognized in net pension expense:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 




 Unrecognized net gain

 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Unrecognized prior service cost

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Tax effect

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net amount unrecognized

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 We expect to recognize $957 of the prior service cost into net
 periodic pension expense during the fiscal year ending
 June&#xA0;25
 2015.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 Our expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the last three
 fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26

 2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28

 2012
 




 401(k) plan expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        

 The total Route pension liability was as follows for the last two
 fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26

 2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 2013
 




 Route pension liability

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        

 two of whom are also executive officers
 and  individuals directly related to them.




        
          

        
          
            

 regardless of there being transactions between the entities
 when the existence of that control could result in operating results or financial position of the reporting entity significantly different from that which would have been obtained if the entities' were autonomous.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 

 In addition to the related party transactions described in Note 5
 we also entered into transactions with the related party described
 below:

 We purchase materials from a company that is effectively owned by
 three members of our Board of Directors
 two of whom are also
 executive officers
 and individuals directly related to them.
 Purchases from this related party aggregated to the following for
 the years ending:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Purchases from related party

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 Accounts payable to this related entity aggregated to the following
 for the fiscal years ending:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 June&#xA0;26
 2014

 
 
 
 




 June&#xA0;27
 2013

 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        

      














 2014

          



 2014



          



 2014

          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

649
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

031




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified











Allowances for accounts receivable
 current

210

628


        

262

470


Current maturities of long-term debt
 related party debt
        
        


Accounts payable
 related party payables
        
        


Related party debt
 Non-current

916

264


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Treasury stock
 shares

900

900



          

        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued

597
426

597
426


Common stock
 shares outstanding

597
426

597
426






        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued

569
105

440
409




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 

 Our Class&#xA0;A Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the &#x201C;Class A
 Stock&#x201D;)
 has cumulative voting rights with respect to the
 election of those directors which the holders of Class&#xA0;A Stock
 are entitled to elect
 and 10 votes per share on all other matters
 on which holders of our Class&#xA0;A Stock and Common Stock are
 entitled to vote
 with the exception of election of the directors
 for which the holders of Common Stock are eligible to elect. In
 addition
 each share of Class&#xA0;A Stock is convertible at the
 option of the holder at any time into one share of Common Stock and
 automatically converts into one share of Common Stock upon any sale
 or transfer other than to related individuals. Each share of our
 Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the &#x201C;Common Stock&#x201D;) has
 noncumulative voting rights of one vote per share. The Class&#xA0;A
 Stock and the Common Stock are entitled to share equally
 on a
 share-for-share basis
 in any cash dividends declared by the Board
 of Directors
 and the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to
 elect 25%
 rounded up to the nearest whole number
 of the members
 comprising the Board of Directors.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

073




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

 paid 3 of 5 years

 paid 3 of 5 years




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      










 2014






 2014

          



        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

				 2014
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
        

451
205

597
426


        
        

307
458
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 

 At our annual meeting of stockholders on October&#xA0;30
 2008
 our
 stockholders approved a new equity incentive plan
 (the&#xA0;&#x201C;2008 Equity Incentive Plan&#x201D;) pursuant to
 which awards of options and stock-based awards may be made to
 members of the Board of Directors
 employees and other individuals
 providing services to the Company. A total of 1
000
000 shares of
 Common Stock are authorized for grants of awards under the 2008
 Equity Incentive Plan
 which may be in the form of options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 stock appreciation rights
 (&#x201C;SARs&#x201D;)
 Common Stock or dividends and dividend
 equivalents. As of June&#xA0;26
 2014
 there were 599
705 shares of
 Common Stock that remained authorized for future grants of awards
 subject to the limitations set below. A maximum of 500
000 of the
 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock authorized under the 2008 Equity
 Incentive Plan may be used for grants of Common Stock
 restricted
 stock and restricted stock units. Additionally
 awards of options
 or SARs are limited to 100
000 shares annually to any single
 individual
 and awards of Common Stock
 restricted stock or
 restricted stock units are limited to 50
000 shares annually to any
 single individual. All restricted stock units granted under the
 2008 Equity Incentive Plan have vesting periods of three years for
 awards to employees and one year for awards to non-employee members
 of the Board of Directors. Recipients of restricted stock unit
 awards have the option to defer receipt of vested shares until a
 specified later date
 typically soon after separation from the
 Company. The exercise price of stock options was determined as set
 forth in the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan by the Compensation
 Committee of our Board of Directors
 and must be at least the fair
 market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as
 set forth in the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
 options expire upon
 termination of employment or directorship
 as applicable. The
 options granted under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan are
 exercisable 25% annually commencing on the first anniversary date
 of grant and become fully exercisable on the fourth anniversary
 date of grant. Options generally will expire no later than ten
 years after the date on which they are granted. We issue new shares
 of Common Stock upon exercise of stock options.

 &#xA0;

 The 2008 Equity Incentive Plan replaced a stock option plan
 approved at our annual meeting of stockholders on October&#xA0;28
 1998 (the&#xA0;&#x201C;1998 Equity Incentive Plan&#x201D;) pursuant
 to which awards of options and stock-based awards could be made.
 There were 700
000 shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance
 to certain key employees and &#x201C;outside directors&#x201D; (i.e.
 directors who are not employees of the Company). The exercise price
 of the options was determined as set forth in the 1998 Equity
 Incentive Plan by the Board of Directors and was at least the fair
 market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as
 set forth in the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan
 options expire upon
 termination of employment or directorship
 as applicable. The
 options granted under the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan are
 exercisable 25% annually commencing on the first anniversary date
 of grant and become fully exercisable on the fourth anniversary
 date of grant. Options generally will expire no later than ten
 years after the date on which they are granted. We issue new shares
 of Common Stock upon exercise of stock options issued pursuant to
 the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan. Through fiscal 2007
 all of the
 options granted
 except those granted to outside directors
 were
 intended to qualify as incentive stock options within the meaning
 of Section&#xA0;422 of the Internal Revenue Code. Effective fiscal
 2008
 all option grants are non-qualified awards. The 1998 Equity
 Incentive Plan terminated on September&#xA0;1
 2008. However
 all
 outstanding options issued pursuant to the 1998 Equity Incentive
 Plan will continue to be governed by the terms of the 1998 Equity
 Incentive Plan and their respective award agreements.

 We determine the fair value of stock option awards using the
 Black-Scholes option-pricing model. There were no options granted
 in fiscal 2014. The following weighted-average assumptions were
 used to determine the fair value of options granted during fiscal
 2013 and fiscal 2012:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Risk-free interest rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected dividend yield

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected life (years)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 The expected term of the awards was determined using the
 &#x201C;simplified method&#x201D; as stated in SEC Staff Accounting
 Bulletin No.&#xA0;107 that utilizes the following formula:
 ((vesting term + original contract term)/2). Expected stock
 volatility was determined based on historical volatility for the
 6.25 year-period preceding the measurement date. The risk-free rate
 was based on the yield curve in effect at the time the options were
 granted
 using U.S. treasury constant maturities over the expected
 life of the option. Expected forfeitures were determined based upon
 our expectations and past experiences. Expected dividend yield was
 based on our dividend practices at the time the options were
 granted.

 The following is a summary of stock option activity for the year
 ended June&#xA0;26
 2014:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 Price
 
 
 



 Term
 
 
 

 Value
 




 Outstanding at June&#xA0;27
 2013

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercised

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Outstanding at June&#xA0;26
 2014

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 




 Exercisable at June&#xA0;26
 2014

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 



 The number of stock options vested
 and expected to vest in the
 future
 as of June&#xA0;26
 2014
 is not significantly different
 from the number of stock options outstanding at June&#xA0;26
 2014
 as stated above. All options granted during fiscal 2013 and fiscal
 2012 were at exercise prices equal to the market price of Common
 Stock at the grant date.

 The following table summarizes the weighted-average grant-date fair
 value of option awards granted
 the total intrinsic value of all
 options exercised and the total cash received from the exercise of
 options for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Total intrinsic value of options exercised

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Total cash received from exercise of options

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 The following is a summary of non-vested stock options for the year
 ended June&#xA0;26
 2014:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 Fair Value
 




 Non-vested at June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Vested

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Non-vested at June 26
&#xA0;2014

 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 Exercise prices for options outstanding as of June&#xA0;26
 2014
 ranged from $7.95 to $18.46 and may be segregated into two ranges
 as shown below:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Option Price Per
 Share Range
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Number of options

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Weighted-average exercise price

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Weighted-average remaining life in years

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Number of options exercisable

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Weighted-average exercise price for exercisable options

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 Restricted stock units granted to employees and outside directors
 vest over a three-year and one-year period
 respectively. The fair
 value of restricted stock awards is determined based on the market
 price of our Common Stock on the date of grant.

 The following is a summary of restricted stock unit activity for
 the year ended June&#xA0;26
 2014:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 Fair&#xA0;Value
 




 Outstanding at June 27
&#xA0;2013

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Granted

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Vested

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Outstanding at June 26
&#xA0;2014

 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 At June&#xA0;26
 2014 there were 40
098 restricted stock units
 outstanding that were vested but deferred. At June&#xA0;27
 2013
 there were 37
500 restricted stock units outstanding that were
 vested but deferred. The non-vested restricted stock units at
 June&#xA0;26
 2014 will vest over a weighted-average period of 1.4
 years.

 In the first quarter of fiscal 2011 we granted 10
000 SARs to a
 marketing consultant which vested over a three year period and had
 a ten year term. In the third quarter of fiscal 2013 the consultant
 exercised 7
500 of the SARs and the Compensation Committee
 accelerated the vesting of the remaining awards. During the first
 quarter of fiscal 2014
 the remaining 2
500 shares vested and the
 resulting liability was settled.

 The following table summarizes compensation cost charged to
 earnings for all equity compensation plans and the total income tax
 benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26

 2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28

 2012
 




 Compensation cost charged to earnings

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Income tax benefit recognized

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 At June&#xA0;26
 2014
 there was $1
551 of total unrecognized
 compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation
 arrangements granted under our stock-based compensation plans. We
 expect to recognize that cost over a weighted-average period of 1.4
 years.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        

000


        
        


        
        


        

750


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        

500


        
        


        
        


        

125


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

846

870

615




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

622

334

575


        

757

372

521


        

865

962

054


        
        
        
        


        

258

112

085


        

252

231

996


Gain on sale of assets held for sale
 net

641)
        
        


        

869

343

081


        

996

619

973


        
        
        
        


Interest expense including $1
136
 $1
161 and $1
151 to related parties
 respectively

354

754

364


Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net

810

569

388


Total other expense
 net

164

323

752


        

832

296

221


        

545

536

099


        

287

760

122


Other comprehensive (loss) income
 net of tax:
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

548)


Other comprehensive (loss) income
 net of tax
        

163

085)


        

948

923

037


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

033
310

863
064

726
004


        

132
347

992
997

828
512




        
          

        
          
            

 net
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to property plant and equipment
 intangible assets and equity in securities of subsidiaries or equity method investee.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 

 Intangible assets subject to amortization consist of the
 following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 




 Customer relationships

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Non-compete agreement

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Brand names

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total intangible assets
 gross

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Less accumulated amortization:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Customer relationships

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Non-compete agreement

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Brand names

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total accumulated amortization

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net intangible assets

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 Customer relationships and the non-compete agreement relate wholly
 to the Orchard Valley Harvest (&#x201C;OVH&#x201D;) acquisition
 completed in fiscal 2010. Customer relationships are being
 amortized on a straight line basis over seven years. The
 non-compete agreement is being amortized based upon the expected
 pattern of cash flow annual benefit over a five year period. The
 brand name
 brand
 name became fully amortized in fiscal 2011. The remainder of the
 brand name relates to the OVH acquisition and is being amortized on
 a straight line basis over five years.

 &#xA0;

 Total amortization expense related to intangible assets
 which is
 classified in administrative expense in the consolidated statement
 of comprehensive income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Amortization of intangible assets

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 Expected amortization expense for the next five fiscal years is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 June 25
 2015

 
 


 




 June 30
 2016

 
 


 




 June 29
 2017

 
 


 




 June 28
 2018

 
 


 




 June 27
 2019

 
 


 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 

 Inventories consist of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 




 Raw material and supplies

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Work-in-process and finished goods

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 

 The table below sets forth the changes to accumulated other
 comprehensive loss (&#x201C;AOCL&#x201D;) for the fiscal year ended
 June&#xA0;26
 2014. These changes are all related to our defined
 benefit pension plan.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 comprehensive&#xA0;loss&#xA0;
 




 Balance - June&#xA0;27
 2013

 
 


 




 Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications

 
 


 




 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss

 
 
 
 




 Tax effect

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 




 Net current-period other comprehensive loss

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 




 Balance - June&#xA0;26
 2014

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 





 The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss
 for the year ended June&#xA0;26
 2014 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 



 2014
 
 

 

 Comprehensive Income




 Amortization of defined benefit pension items:

 
 
 




 Unrecognized prior service cost

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Unrecognized net gain

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 




 Total before tax

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Tax effect

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 




 Amortization of defined pension items
 net of tax

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 




 




        
          

        
          
            

 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 

 On October&#xA0;29
 2013
 our Board of Directors
 after considering
 the financial position of our Company and other factors
 declared a
 special cash dividend of $1.50 per share on all issued and
 outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&#xA0;A Stock of the
 Company (the &#x201C;2014 Special Dividend&#x201D;). The 2014 Special
 Dividend of $16
599 was paid on December&#xA0;5
 2013 to
 stockholders of record at the close of business on
 November&#xA0;21
 2013. The ex-dividend date was the close of
 business on November&#xA0;19
 2013. The Company obtained the
 appropriate consent from the Bank Lenders in order to declare and
 pay the 2014 Special Dividend.

 On December&#xA0;10
 2012
 our Board of Directors
 after
 considering the financial position of our Company and other
 factors
 declared a special cash dividend of $1.00 per share on all
 issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&#xA0;A
 Stock of the Company (the &#x201C;2013 Special Dividend&#x201D;). The
 2013 Special Dividend of $10
889 was paid December&#xA0;28
 2012
 to stockholders of record at the close of business on
 December&#xA0;20
 2012. The ex-dividend date was the close of
 business on December&#xA0;18
 2012. We obtained the appropriate
 consent from the Bank Lenders in order to declare and pay the 2013
 Special Dividend.
 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Investment in ARMA Energy . Inc - Additional Information (Detail) (Variable Interest Entity
 Not Primary Beneficiary
 Aggregated Disclosure [Member]
 Arma Energy
 Inc. [Member]
 USD $)

        
        
        
        
        

      














 2013

          



 2013

          



        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Promissory note
 Principal amount
        
        
        
        

000


Promissory note
 Maturity period
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 

 The provision for income taxes for the last three fiscal years is
 as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26

 2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 2012
 




 Current:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Federal

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 State

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total current

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Deferred:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Deferred federal

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Deferred state

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total deferred

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total income tax expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 The reconciliations of income taxes at the statutory federal income
 tax rate to income taxes reported in the Consolidated Statements of
 Comprehensive Income for the last three fiscal years are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26

 2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 
 




 Federal statutory income tax rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Research and development tax credit

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Domestic manufacturing deduction

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Change in valuation allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Effective tax rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 The increase in the effective tax rate of fiscal 2013 is primarily
 due to the impact of an $815 valuation allowance recorded against
 deferred tax assets that were created as a result of our equity
 investment in
 and sale of intellectual property rights to an
 unconsolidated variable interest entity. During fiscal 2014 we
 divested our investment in
 and cancelled a secured promissory note
 due from this entity. The tax benefit of these losses was $640 and
 consequently reduced the fiscal 2014 effective tax rate.

 &#xA0;

 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected
 future tax consequences of temporary differences between the
 financial statement basis and the tax basis of assets and
 liabilities using enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future
 years. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the
 following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 




 Current tax assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts receivable

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Employee compensation

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Inventory

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Workers&#x2019; compensation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Less valuation allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net deferred tax asset - current

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Non-current tax assets (liabilities):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Depreciation

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Amortization

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Capitalized leases

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Goodwill and intangible assets

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Operating loss carryforwards

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Retirement plan

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Workers&#x2019; compensation

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Capital loss carryforward

 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Equity method investment

 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Less valuation allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net deferred tax asset &#x2013; long term

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Net deferred tax assets - total

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management
 considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
 all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
 realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation
 of future taxable income of the character necessary during the
 periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.
 Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax
 liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and
 carryforward periods)
 projected future taxable income
 and
 tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. The net change
 in the total valuation allowance was a decrease of $640 in fiscal
 2014 and an increase of $815 in fiscal 2013. If or when recognized
 the tax benefits relating to any reversal of the valuation
 allowance will be recognized as a reduction of income tax
 expense.

 We have gross state tax net operating losses of approximately
 $3
649 that will expire in 2024 if not utilized.

 We have an immaterial amount of gross state tax credits.

 For the years ending June&#xA0;26
 2014 and June&#xA0;27
 2013
 unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest and penalties were
 $263 and $131. Accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain
 tax positions are not material for any periods presented. Interest
 and penalties were not material for any period presented. The total
 gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits were $247 and $139 at
 June&#xA0;26
 2014 and June&#xA0;27
 2013
 respectively.

 &#xA0;

 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26

 2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 2013
 




 Beginning balance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Gross increases &#x2014; tax positions in prior year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Gross decreases &#x2014; tax positions in prior year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Settlements

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Gross increases &#x2014; tax positions in current year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Lapse of statute of limitations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Ending balance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the
 annual effective tax rate on income from continuing operations
 are
 as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Unrecognized tax benefits that would affect annual effective tax
 rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 We do not anticipate that total unrecognized tax benefits will
 significantly change in the next twelve months.

 There were certain changes in state tax laws during the period the
 impact of which was insignificant. We file income tax returns with
 federal and state tax authorities within the United States of
 America. Our federal tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2011
 and later. Our Illinois tax returns are currently under audit for
 fiscal 2011 and 2012. Our Illinois tax return is open for audit for
 fiscal 2013. Our California tax returns are open for audit for
 fiscal 2009 and later. No other tax jurisdictions are material to
 us.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      










 2014

          



 2013

          



 2008

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2008

          



 2008

          



 2008

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500


        
        
        

400

800

000

350

950

000

000
        


        

				 2016
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

500
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

458
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

542

867
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

500
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 

 On February&#xA0;7
 2008
 we entered into a Credit Agreement with a
 bank group (the &#x201C;Bank Lenders&#x201D;) providing a $117
500
 revolving loan commitment and letter of credit subfacility (the
 &#x201C;Credit Facility&#x201D;). Also on February&#xA0;7
 2008
 we
 entered into a Loan Agreement with an insurance company (the
 &#x201C;Mortgage Lender&#x201D;) providing us with two term loans
 one in the amount of $36
000 (&#x201C;Tranche A&#x201D;) and the
 other in the amount of $9
000 (&#x201C;Tranche B&#x201D;)
 for an
 aggregate amount of $45
000 (the &#x201C;Mortgage
 Facility&#x201D;).

 The Credit Facility
 as amended
 matures on July&#xA0;15
 2016 and
 is secured by substantially all our assets other than real property
 and fixtures. The Mortgage Facility is secured by mortgages on
 essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina (the
 &#x201C;Encumbered Properties&#x201D;).

 On December&#xA0;16
 2013
 we entered into a Consent and Fifth
 Amendment to the Credit Facility (the &#x201C;Fifth
 Amendment&#x201D;) which permitted the Company to form and invest in
 a wholly-owned Chinese subsidiary and made technical modifications
 to definitions.

 The portion of the borrowing base calculation based upon machinery
 and equipment decreased by $1
500 per year for the first five years
 to coincide with depreciation of the machinery and equipment
 collateral. As of June&#xA0;26
 2014 and June&#xA0;27
 2013
 the
 weighted average interest rate for the Credit Facility was 2.13%
 and 2.23%
 respectively. The terms of the Credit Facility contain
 covenants that require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions and certain sales of assets
 cash dividends
 redemptions of capital stock and prepayment of
 indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among other things
 is of a
 subordinate debt). If loan availability under the Borrowing Base
 Calculation falls below $25
000
 we will be required to maintain a
 specified fixed charge coverage ratio
 tested on a monthly basis.
 All cash received from customers is required to be applied against
 the Credit Facility. The Bank Lenders are entitled to require
 immediate repayment of our obligations under the Credit Facility in
 the event of default on the payments required under the Credit
 Facility
 a change in control in the ownership of the Company
 non-compliance with the financial covenants or upon the occurrence
 of certain other defaults by us under the Credit Facility
 (including a default under the Mortgage Facility). As of
 June&#xA0;26
 2014
 we were in compliance with all covenants under
 the Credit Facility and we currently expect to be in compliance
 with the financial covenant in the Credit Facility for the
 foreseeable future. As of June&#xA0;26
 2014
 we had $72
458 of
 available credit under the Credit Facility which reflects
 borrowings of $40
542 and reduced availability as a result of
 $4
500 in outstanding letters of credit. We would still be in
 compliance with all restrictive covenants under the Credit Facility
 if this entire amount were borrowed.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 

 Long-term debt consists of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26

 2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 2013
 




 Mortgage Facility (&#x201C;Tranche A&#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly principal installments of $200 plus
 interest at 7.63%&#xA0;per annum through February 2023 with a final
 principal payment of $600 on March&#xA0;1
 2023

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Mortgage Facility (&#x201C;Tranche B&#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly principal installments of $50 plus
 interest at the greater of one month LIBOR plus 3.75%&#xA0;per
 annum or 4.50% through February 2023 with a final principal payment
 of $150 on March&#xA0;1
 2023

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Selma
 Texas facility financing obligation to related parties
 due
 in monthly installments of $121 through September&#xA0;1
 2031

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Less: Current maturities

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total long-term debt

 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 We are subject to periodic interest rate resets for each of Tranche
 A and Tranche B. Specifically
 on March&#xA0;1
 2018 (the
 &#x201C;Tranche A Reset Date&#x201D;) and March&#xA0;1
 2016 and
 every two years thereafter (each
 a &#x201C;Tranche B Reset
 Date&#x201D;)
 the&#xA0;Mortgage Lender&#xA0;may reset the interest
 rates for each of Tranche A and Tranche B
 respectively
 in its
 sole and absolute discretion. If the reset interest rate for either
 Tranche A or Tranche B is unacceptable to us and we (i)&#xA0;do not
 have sufficient funds to repay amounts due with respect to Tranche
 A or Tranche B on the Tranche A Reset Date or Tranche B Reset Date
 in each case
 as applicable
 or (ii)&#xA0;are unable to refinance
 amounts due with respect to Tranche A or Tranche B on the Tranche A
 Reset Date or Tranche B Reset Date
 in each case
 as applicable
 on
 terms more favorable than the reset interest rates
 then
 depending
 on the extent of the changes in the reset interest rates
 our
 interest expense could increase materially.

 Tranche A under the Mortgage Facility accrues interest at a fixed
 interest rate of 7.63%&#xA0;per annum
 payable monthly. As
 mentioned above
 such interest rate may be reset by the Mortgage
 Lender on the Tranche A Reset Date. Tranche B under the Mortgage
 Facility accrues interest
 as reset on March&#xA0;1
 2014
 at a
 floating rate of the greater of one month LIBOR plus 3.75%&#xA0;per
 annum or 4.50%
 payable monthly. The margin on such floating rate
 may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on each Tranche B Reset Date;
 provided
 however
 that the Mortgage Lender may also change the
 underlying index on each Tranche B Reset Date occurring on or after
 March&#xA0;1
 2016. We do not currently anticipate that any change
 in the floating rate or the underlying index will have a material
 adverse effect upon our business
 financial condition or results of
 operations.

 The terms of the Mortgage Facility contain covenants that require
 us to maintain a specified net worth of $110
000 and maintain the
 Encumbered Properties. The Mortgage Lender is entitled to require
 immediate repayment of our obligations under the Mortgage Facility
 in the event we default in the payments required under the Mortgage
 Facility
 non-compliance with the covenants or upon the occurrence
 of certain other defaults by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of
 June&#xA0;26
 2014
 we were in compliance with all covenants under
 the Mortgage Facility. We currently believe that we will be in
 compliance with the financial covenants in the Mortgage Facility
 for the foreseeable future and therefore $19
000 of Tranche A has
 been classified as long-term debt as of June&#xA0;26
 2014 which
 represents scheduled principal payments that are due beyond twelve
 months. As of the second quarter of fiscal 2014
 amounts
 outstanding under Tranche B are no longer classified entirely as
 short-term debt since the Mortgage Lender waived its option to use
 the proceeds from the sale of the Old Elgin Site
 which in part
 served as collateral for the Mortgage Facility
 to reduce the
 amount outstanding under Tranche B. Therefore
 $4
750 of Tranche B
 has been classified as long-term debt as of June&#xA0;26
 2014
 which represents scheduled principal payments that are due beyond
 twelve months.

 In September 2006
 we sold our Selma
 Texas properties to two
 related party partnerships for $14
300 and are leasing them back.
 The selling price was determined by an independent appraiser to be
 the fair market value which also approximated our carrying value.
 The lease for the Selma
 Texas properties has a ten-year term at a
 fair market value rent with three five-year renewal options. Also
 we have an option to purchase the properties from the partnerships
 after five years at 95% (100% in certain circumstances) of the then
 fair market value
 but not to be less than the $14
300 purchase
 price. The financing obligation is being accounted for similar to
 the accounting for a capital lease
 whereby the $14
300 was
 recorded as a debt obligation
 as the provisions of the arrangement
 are not eligible for sale-leaseback accounting. The balance of the
 debt obligation outstanding at June&#xA0;26
 2014 was $12
264.

 &#xA0;

 Aggregate maturities of long-term debt are as follows for the
 fiscal years ending:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 June&#xA0;25
 2015

 
 


 




 June 30
 2016

 
 


 




 June 29
 2017

 
 


 




 June 28
 2018

 
 


 




 June 27
 2019

 
 


 




 Thereafter

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 

 

 We lease certain equipment pursuant to agreements accounted for as
 operating leases. Rent expense aggregated under these operating
 leases was as follows for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Rent expense related to operating leases

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 Aggregate non-cancelable lease commitments under these operating
 leases with initial or remaining terms greater than one year are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 June 25
 2015

 
 


 




 June 30
 2016

 
 


 




 June 29
 2017

 
 


 




 June 28
 2018

 
 
 
 




 June 27
 2019

 
 
 
 




 Thereafter

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 



 

 We are currently a party to various legal proceedings in the
 ordinary course of business. While management presently believes
 that the ultimate outcomes of these proceedings
 individually and
 in the aggregate
 will not materially affect our financial
 position
 results of operations or cash flows
 legal proceedings
 are subject to inherent uncertainties
 and unfavorable outcomes
 could occur. Unfavorable outcomes could include substantial money
 damages in excess of any appropriate accruals which management has
 established. Were such unfavorable final outcomes to occur
 there
 exists the possibility of a material adverse effect on our
 financial position
 results of operations and cash flows.

 &#xA0;


 Inc.

 In fiscal 2010
 a class action wage and hour lawsuit was filed
 against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
 Illinois (the &#x201C;District Court&#x201D;) under the Illinois
 Minimum Wage Law (&#x201C;IMWL&#x201D;) and the Fair Labor Standards
 Act (&#x201C;FLSA&#x201D;). The plaintiffs claimed damages under the
 IMWL in an amount equal to all unpaid back pay alleged to be owed
 to the plaintiffs
 prejudgment interest on the back pay
 punitive
 damages
 attorneys&#x2019; fees and costs
 and an injunction
 precluding the Company from violating the IMWL. The plaintiffs
 additionally claimed damages under the FLSA in an amount equal to
 all back pay alleged to be owed to the plaintiffs
 prejudgment
 interest on the back pay
 liquidated damages equal to the amount of
 unpaid back wages
 and attorneys&#x2019; fees and costs. In fiscal
 2011
 the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint in which they
 alleged that the Company maintained and maintains a practice
 regarding the rounding of employees&#x2019; time entries which
 violates the IMWL and the FLSA.

 Following mediation during fiscal 2011 in order to cover an
 expanded scope of wage and hour claims
 plaintiffs and facilities
 we agreed in principle to a $2
600 settlement (the
 &#x201C;Settlement Agreement&#x201D;). In the fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2011
 the Settlement Agreement was finalized and
 preliminarily approved by the District Court which included a
 provision allowing for a reverter payment if all or some class
 members do not submit claim forms. We recorded an accrual of $1
950
 in fiscal 2011 for the class action wage and hour lawsuit which was
 our best estimate of the payout to class members who submitted
 claim forms
 net of any estimated reverter payout to the Company
 and other agreed upon payouts pursuant to the settlement
 agreement.

 During the first quarter of fiscal 2012
 the Court issued a final
 approval of the Settlement Agreement which did not have a material
 impact on earnings during fiscal 2012. The case was closed and
 formally dismissed by the Court during the fourth quarter of fiscal
 2012. Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement
 we paid
 $2
600 to the claims administrator during the first quarter of
 fiscal 2012 and received a reverter payment for unclaimed
 settlement funds of approximately $665 during the fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2012.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


June 25
 2015

349

690


June 30
 2016

376
        


June 29
 2017

407
        


June 28
 2018

441
        


June 27
 2019

477
        


        

965
        


        

015

355




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including current maturities and short-term debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of federal tax expense (benefit).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Distribution Channel and Product Type Sales Mix - Schedule of Revenue by Distribution Channel (Parenthetical) (Detail) (Sales Revenue
 Net [Member])

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2014

          



 2013

          



 2008

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2008

          



 2014

          



 2008

          



 2006






 2014






 2013






        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

				01
				 2018
        
        

				01
				 2016
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

				01
				 2023
        
        

				01
				 2031
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        

750
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

300
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

300
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

400

800

000

350

950

000
        

000
        

264

585




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 with initial maturities beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used
 such as three months or six months LIBOR.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including current maturities
 which accrues interest at a set
 unchanging rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

 paid 3 of 5 years

 paid 3 of 5 years

 paid 3 of 5 years




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 Rent expense aggregated under these operating leases was as follows
 for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 




 Rent expense related to operating leases

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        

 Aggregate non-cancelable lease commitments under these operating
 leases with initial or remaining terms greater than one year are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 June 25
 2015

 
 


 




 June 30
 2016

 
 


 




 June 29
 2017

 
 


 




 June 28
 2018

 
 
 
 




 June 27
 2019

 
 
 
 




 Thereafter

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

895

801

757




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 

 We maintain a contributory plan established pursuant to the
 provisions of section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan
 provides retirement benefits for all nonunion employees meeting
 minimum age and service requirements. We currently match 100% of
 the first three percent contributed by each employee and 50% of the
 next two percent contributed
 up to certain maximums specified in
 the plan. Our expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the
 last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26

 2014
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28

 2012
 




 401(k) plan expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 



 During the first quarter of fiscal 2009
 we recorded a long-term
 liability of $868 for the withdrawal from the multiemployer plan
 (&#x201C;Route pension&#x201D;) for the step-van drivers that were
 employed for our store-door delivery system that was discontinued
 during fiscal 2008. Pursuant to terms of settlement with a labor
 union
 we are making monthly payments of $8 (including interest)
 through April 2022.

 The total Route pension liability was as follows for the last two
 fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26

 2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 2013
 




 Route pension liability

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 Virtually all of our salaried employees participate in our
 Sanfilippo Value Added Plan (as amended
 the &#x201C;SVA
 Plan&#x201D;) which is a cash incentive plan (an economic value
 added-based program) administered by our Compensation Committee. We
 accrue expense related to the SVA Plan in the annual period that
 the economic performance underlying such performance occurs. This
 method of expense recognition properly matches the expense
 associated with improved economic performance with the period the
 improved performance occurs on a systematic and rational basis.
 




        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 postemployment and postretirement benefit plans
 defined benefit pension plans
 defined contribution plans
 non-qualified and supplemental benefit plans
 deferred compensation
 share-based compensation
 life insurance
 severance
 health care
 unemployment and other benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 RESERVES

 The following table details the activity in various allowance and
 reserve accounts.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 

 of Period
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Period
 





 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Allowance for doubtful accounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Reserve for cash discounts

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Reserve for customer deductions

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 





 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Allowance for doubtful accounts

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Reserve for cash discounts

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Reserve for customer deductions

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 





 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Allowance for doubtful accounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Reserve for cash discounts

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Reserve for customer deductions

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 




 




        
          

        
          
            

 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

015

355


        

091

059




        
          

        
          
            

 including current maturities and short-term debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

520

291

114

697

393

815

619

507

622

334

575


        

749

799

948

369

834

879

676

573

865

962

054


        

136

138

394

328

000

324

426

869

996

619

973


        

607

681

224

775

583
        

301

534

287

760

122


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 The following table details the activity in various allowance and
 reserve accounts.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 

 of Period
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Period
 





 2014

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Allowance for doubtful accounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Reserve for cash discounts

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Reserve for customer deductions

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 





 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Allowance for doubtful accounts

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Reserve for cash discounts

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Reserve for customer deductions

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 





 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Allowance for doubtful accounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Reserve for cash discounts

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Reserve for customer deductions

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

136

161

151




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

268

989
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

454
        

579


        
        
        
        


        

025

268

989




        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 


 Business

 Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of John
 B. Sanfilippo&#xA0;&amp; Son
 Inc.
 and our wholly-owned
 subsidiaries
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC and
 Sanfilippo (Shanghai) Trading Co. Ltd. Our fiscal year ends on the
 last Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists of
 fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week quarters). The accompanying
 consolidated financial statements and related footnotes are
 presented in accordance with accounting principles generally
 accepted in the United States of America (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;).

 We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 and tree nuts in the United States. These nuts are sold under a

 Orchard Valley
Sunshine
 Country&#xA0;
 names. We also market and distribute
 and in most cases manufacture
 or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 nut clusters
 sunflower kernels
 dried
 fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products
 under private brands and brand names. Our products are sold through
 the major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 contract
 packaging customers and international customers.

 

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
 the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for
 customer deductions
 the quantity and valuation of bulk
 inventories
 the evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets
 and the realizability of deferred tax assets. Actual results could
 differ from those estimates.

 

 Accounts receivable are stated at the amounts charged to customers
 less allowances for doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated
 cash discounts and customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful
 accounts is calculated by specifically identifying customers that
 are credit risks and estimating the extent that other
 non-specifically identified customers will become credit risks.
 Account balances are charged off against the allowance when we
 conclude that it is probable the receivable will not be recovered.
 The reserve for estimated cash discounts is based on historical
 experience. The reserve for customer deductions represents known
 customer short payments and an estimate of future credit memos that
 will be issued to customers related to rebates and allowances for
 marketing and promotions based on agreed upon programs and
 historical experience.

 

 Inventories
 which consist principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market
 which approximates actual cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at
 least quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews and other nuts may affect the
 value of inventory
 gross profit and gross profit margin. When
 expected market sales prices move below costs
 we record
 adjustments to write down the carrying values of inventories to the
 lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market. The results of our
 shelling process can also result in changes to inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus expected crop
 yields. We maintain significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell
 pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 are determined based on our inventory systems and are subject to
 quarterly physical verification techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The quantities of each crop year
 bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to
 fifteen month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates are
 also recorded.


 Plant and Equipment

 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Major
 improvements that extend the useful life
 add capacity
 or add
 functionality are capitalized and charged to expense through
 depreciation. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense
 as incurred. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold
 or retired are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain
 or loss is recognized currently in operating income.

 &#xA0;

 Depreciation expense for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

&#xA0;2014
 
 
 

&#xA0;2013
 
 
 

&#xA0;2012
 




 Depreciation expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 Cost is depreciated using the straight-line method over the
 following estimated useful lives:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 

 
 




 Buildings

 
 


 




 Machinery and equipment

 
 


 




 Furniture and leasehold improvements

 
 


 




 Vehicles

 
 
 
 




 Computers and software

 
 
 
 



 No interest costs were capitalized for the last three fiscal years
 due to the lack of any significant project.

 

 An asset is classified as held for sale when (i)&#xA0;management
 commits to a plan to sell and it is actively marketed
 (ii)&#xA0;it
 is available for immediate sale and the sale is expected to be
 completed within one year and (iii)&#xA0;it is unlikely significant
 changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be
 withdrawn. Assets held for sale may exceed one year due to events
 or circumstances beyond our control. Recoverability is also
 assessed and assets held for sale are reported at the lower of
 carrying value or fair-value less costs to sell. Assets classified
 as held for sale are no longer depreciated and are reported on a
 separate line on the balance sheet.

 

 We review held and used long-lived assets
 including our rental
 investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows
 whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that
 the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such
 events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
 expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the
 asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long lived asset
 or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of
 future cash flows derived from the most recent business
 projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair
 value.

 We did not record any impairment of long-lived assets for the last
 three fiscal years.

 

 Deferred financing costs are incurred to obtain long-term financing
 and are amortized using the effective interest method over the term
 of the related debt. The amortization of deferred financing costs
 which is classified in interest expense in the consolidated
 statement of comprehensive income
 was as follows for the last
 three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

&#xA0;2014
 
 
 

&#xA0;2013
 
 
 

&#xA0;2012
 




 Amortization of deferred financing costs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 In April 2005
 we acquired property to be used for the Elgin Site.
 Two buildings are located on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an
 office building. Approximately 74% of the office building is
 currently vacant. The other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and
 modified for use as our principal processing facility and
 headquarters. The allocation of the purchase price to the two
 buildings was determined through a third party appraisal. The value
 assigned to the office building is included in rental investment
 property on the balance sheet. The value assigned to the warehouse
 building is included in &#x201C;Property
 plant and
 equipment&#x201D;.

 &#xA0;

 The net rental expense from the office building is included in the
 caption &#x201C;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&#x201D;. Gross
 rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal
 years are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

&#xA0;2014
 
 
 

&#xA0;2013
 
 
 

&#xA0;2012
 




 Gross rental income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Rental (expense)
 net

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 



 Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within
 the office building is as follows for the fiscal years ending:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 June&#xA0;25
 2015

 
 


 




 June 30
 2016

 
 


 




 June 29
 2017

 
 


 




 June 28
 2018

 
 
 
 




 June 27
 2019

 
 
 
 




 Thereafter

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 



 On March&#xA0;28
 2006
 our wholly-owned subsidiary JBSS
 Properties
 LLC acquired title by quitclaim deed to the site that
 was originally purchased in Elgin
 Illinois (the &#x201C;Old Elgin
 Site&#x201D;) for our facility consolidation project and also
 entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the
 &#x201C;Agreement&#x201D;) with the City of Elgin (the
 &#x201C;City&#x201D;). In the third quarter of fiscal 2013
 JBSS
 Properties
 LLC transferred all of its properties and agreements to
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC. Under the terms of the Agreement
 the City
 assigned to us their remaining rights and obligations under a
 development agreement entered into by and among the Company
 certain related party partnerships and the City (the
 &#x201C;Development Agreement&#x201D;). We incurred $6
806 of gross
 costs under the Development Agreement
 and had a carrying value of
 $6
175 at June&#xA0;27
 2013. These costs were recorded as
 &#x201C;Assets held for sale&#x201D; at June&#xA0;27
 2013.

 On December&#xA0;26
 2013 (the second quarter of fiscal 2014)
 we
 completed the sale of the Old Elgin Site. The sales price was
 $8
000 and resulted in a pre-tax gain of $1
641.

 In September 2012
 we completed the sale of land and a building
 where we owned and operated a retail store in Barrington
 Illinois.
 Proceeds from the sale were $870
 net of expenses of $45
 and
 resulted in a pre-tax gain of $660 which is recorded in
 &#x201C;Administrative expenses&#x201D; for the year ended
 June&#xA0;27
 2013.

 

 Authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board (&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;) defines fair value as the price that
 would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
 an orderly transaction between market participants on the
 measurement date. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy
 that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure
 fair value into three broad levels:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 


 
 


 
 

 accessible at the measurement date for identical assets and



 
 


 
 

 active markets. For example
 quoted prices for similar assets or
 liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets



 
 


 
 





 The carrying values of cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts
 payable approximate their fair values at June&#xA0;26
 2014 and
 June&#xA0;27
 2013 because of the short-term maturities and nature
 of these balances.

 The carrying value of our Credit Facility (as defined in Note 4 in
 the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#x201C;Revolving
 Credit Facility&#x201D; below) borrowings approximates fair value at
 June&#xA0;26
 2014 and June&#xA0;27
 2013 because interest rates on
 this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2
 criteria)
 the short term maturity and nature of this balance. In
 addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent
 credit risk.

 &#xA0;

 The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value
 estimate of our long term debt
 including current maturities:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 




 Carrying value of long-term debt:

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Fair value of long-term debt:

 
 


 
 
 


 



 The estimated fair value of long-term debt was determined using a
 market approach based upon Level 2 observable inputs
 which
 estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on
 loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or
 broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes
 in the underlying assets securing our long-term debt
 other than
 the sale of the Old Elgin Site discussed above.

 

 We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 exists
 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price
 is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured. We
 sell our products under some arrangements which include customer
 contracts which fix the sales price for periods
 typically of up to
 one year
 for some industrial customers and through specific
 programs consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer
 rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer
 customers and commercial ingredient users. Reserves for these
 programs are established based upon the terms of specific
 arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of rebates and promotion
 and marketing allowances. Revenues are also recorded net of
 expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past
 experiences. While customers do have the right to return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product returns have been
 insignificant. Provisions for returns are reflected as a reduction
 in net sales and are estimated based upon customer specific
 circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling costs are
 included in revenues.

 

 We operate in a single reportable operating segment that consists
 of selling various nut and nut related products through multiple
 distribution channels.

 

 The highly competitive nature of our business provides an
 environment for the loss of customers and the opportunity to gain
 new customers. We are subject to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts receivable
 and we attempt to mitigate
 this risk through our credit evaluation process
 collection terms
 and through geographical dispersion of sales. Sales to three
 customers each exceeded 10% of net sales during fiscal 2014 and
 2013. There were two customers in fiscal 2012 that each had sales
 exceeding 10% of net sales. Sales to these customers represented
 approximately 46%
 48% and 36% of our net sales in fiscal 2014
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. Net accounts receivable
 from these customers were 55% and 49% of net accounts receivable at
 June&#xA0;26
 2014 and June&#xA0;27
 2013
 respectively.


 Marketing and Advertising Costs

 Promotion allowances
 customer rebates and marketing allowances are
 recorded at the time revenue is recognized and are reflected as
 reductions in sales. Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon
 projected volumes for the year
 while promotion and marketing
 allowances are recorded based upon terms of the actual
 arrangements. Coupon incentive costs are accrued based on estimates
 of product sold to retailers at our measurement date and an
 estimate of redemptions to occur.

 The majority of marketing costs and substantially all advertising
 costs are incurred to promote and support branded products in the
 consumer distribution channel. These costs are generally expensed
 as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for
 the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

&#xA0;2014
 
 
 

&#xA0;2013
 
 
 

&#xA0;2012
 




 Marketing and advertising expense

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 

 Shipping and handling costs
 which include freight and other
 expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in
 selling expenses. Shipping and handling costs for the last three
 fiscal years were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 

&#xA0;2013
 
 
 

&#xA0;2012
 




 Shipping and handling costs

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 Research and development expense represents the cost of our
 research and development personnel and their related expenses and
 is charged to selling expenses as incurred. Research and
 development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 

&#xA0;2014
 
 
 

&#xA0;2013
 
 
 

&#xA0;2012
 




 Research and development expense

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 We account for stock-based employee compensation arrangements in
 accordance with the provisions of ASC&#xA0;718 by calculating
 compensation cost based on the grant date fair value. We then
 amortize compensation expense over the vesting period on a straight
 line basis. We estimate the fair value of each stock option on the
 date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
 discounted by an estimated forfeiture rate (using the risk-free
 interest rate
 expected term
 expected volatility
 and dividend
 yield variables). The grant date fair value of RSUs is determined
 based on the market price of our Common Stock on the date of
 grant.

 

 We account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach
 that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
 liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that
 have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such
 items give rise to differences in the financial reporting and tax
 basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded
 to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more
 likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be
 realized. Any investment tax credits are accounted for by using the
 flow-through method
 whereby the credits are reflected as
 reductions of tax expense in the year they are recognized in the
 financial statements. In estimating future tax consequences
 we
 consider all expected future events other than changes in tax law
 or rates.

 We record liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on a
 two-step process. The first step is recognition
 where we evaluate
 whether an individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than
 50% of being sustained upon examination based on the technical
 merits of the position
 including resolution of any related appeals
 or litigation processes. For tax positions that are currently
 estimated to have a less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no
 tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the
 recognition threshold in the first step
 we perform the second step
 of measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits
 ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future
 periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may
 require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates with
 regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and
 measurement estimates are recorded in results of operations and
 financial position in the period in which such changes occur.

 We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized
 tax benefits in the income tax expense /(benefit) caption in the
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income.

 We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering
 our historical taxable income and future taxable income based upon
 the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&#xA0;26
 2014
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $175 of basis differences for which we have provided a
 valuation allowance.

 

 Basic earnings per common share are calculated using the weighted
 average number of shares of Common Stock and Class&#xA0;A Stock
 outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects
 the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other
 contracts to issue Common Stock were exercised or converted into
 Common Stock or resulted in the issuance of Common Stock.

 &#xA0;

 The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted
 average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted
 earnings per share:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 

&#xA0;2013
 
 
 

&#xA0;2012
 




 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &#x2014; basic

 
 

033

 
 
 

863

 
 
 

726

 




 Effect of dilutive securities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Stock options and restricted stock units

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &#x2014; diluted

 
 

132

 
 
 

992

 
 
 

828

 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock
 options excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per
 share:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 June&#xA0;26
&#xA0;2014
 
 
 

&#xA0;2013
 
 
 

&#xA0;2012
 




 Weighted average number of anti-dilutive shares:

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Weighted average exercise price:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 We account for comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic
 220
.
 This topic establishes standards for reporting and displaying
 comprehensive income and its components in a full set of
 general-purpose financial statements. The topic requires that all
 components of comprehensive income be reported in a financial
 statement that is displayed with the same prominence as other
 financial statements. This topic also requires all non-owner
 changes in stockholders&#x2019; equity be presented in either a
 single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two
 separate but consecutive statements. This guidance also requires
 presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on
 the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the
 notes and information about significant amounts required under U.S.
 GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
 income in their entirety. For amounts not required to be
 reclassified in their entirety to net income
 we provide a
 cross-reference to other disclosures that offer additional details
 about those amounts.

 

 In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2013-02

 220)&#x2014;Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income.
 presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on
 the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the
 notes and information about significant amounts required under U.S.
 GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
 income in their entirety. For amounts not required to be
 reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required
 to cross-reference to other disclosures that provide additional
 details about those amounts. This guidance is effective for fiscal
 years beginning on or after December&#xA0;15
 2012
 and interim
 periods within those annual periods. We adopted this update in the
 first quarter of fiscal 2014. The update only affects the
 presentation of comprehensive income and does not impact what is
 included in comprehensive income
 and therefore the adoption of
 this update did not have an impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.

 In April 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2014-08

 Statements (Topic 205) and Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Topic
 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of
 Disposals of Components of an Entity
 threshold for reporting discontinued operations and adds new
 disclosures. The update defines a discontinued operation as a
 disposal of a component or group of components that is disposed of
 or is classified as held for sale and &#x201C;represents a strategic
 shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity&#x2019;s
 operations and financial results.&#x201D; For disposals of
 individually significant components that do not qualify as
 discontinued operations
 an entity must disclose pre-tax earnings
 of the disposed component. For public business entities
 this
 guidance is effective prospectively for all disposals (or
 classifications as held for sale) of components of an entity that
 occur within annual periods beginning on or after December&#xA0;15
 2014
 and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is
 permitted
 but only for disposals (or classifications as held for
 sale) that have not been reported in financial statements
 previously issued or available for issuance. The Company does not
 expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on our
 financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.

 &#xA0;

 In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
 ASU 2014-09

 Customers
 created a new ASC Topic 606

 Customers
 and added ASC Subtopic 340-40

 Costs&#x2014;Contracts with Customers
 update supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic
 605

 Recognition
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the
 industry topics of the codification. Under the new guidance
 an
 entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised
 goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
 consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in
 exchange for those goods or services. This guidance will be
 effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2017. This
 guidance can be adopted either retrospectively to each prior
 reporting period presented
 or retrospectively with a
 cumulative-effect adjustment recognized as of the date of adoption.
 The Company is currently assessing the impact of this new guidance
 on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.

 In June 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2014-12

 Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance
 Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period (a
 consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force).
 performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved
 after the requisite service period to be treated as a performance
 condition. The current accounting standard for stock-based
 compensation as it applies to awards with performance conditions
 should be applied. This guidance is effective for fiscal years
 including interim reporting periods
 beginning after
 December&#xA0;15
 2015. Early adoption is permitted. This update
 will be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2017.
 The Company is currently assessing the impact of this guidance
 but
 does not anticipate it will have a material impact on our financial
 position
 results of operations or cash flows.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Intangible Assets - Amortization of Intangible Assets (Detail) (Administrative Expenses [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

629

069

973




        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

105
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 

 The following unaudited quarterly consolidated financial data are
 presented for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013. Quarterly financial
 results necessarily rely on estimates and caution is required in
 drawing specific conclusions from quarterly consolidated
 results.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 





 2014:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net sales

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Income from operations

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Basic earnings per common share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Diluted earnings per common share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash dividends declared per common share

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 





 2013:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net sales

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Gross profit

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Income from operations

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net income

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Basic earnings per common share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Diluted earnings per common share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash dividends declared per common share

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 



 &#xA0;

 
 

 contained a $0.4 increase in cost of sales due to a change in the
 estimate of on-hand quantities of bulk-stored inshell pecan and



 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    




    
    

Jun. 26


Mar. 27


Dec. 26


Sep. 26


Jun. 27


Mar. 28


Dec. 27


Sep. 27

    
    

Dec. 26


Dec. 27

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        
        

      


 2014

          







        
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

 The table below sets forth the changes to accumulated other
 comprehensive loss (&#x201C;AOCL&#x201D;) for the fiscal year ended
 June&#xA0;26
 2014. These changes are all related to our defined
 benefit pension plan.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 comprehensive&#xA0;loss&#xA0;
 




 Balance - June&#xA0;27
 2013

 
 


 




 Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications

 
 


 




 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss

 
 
 
 




 Tax effect

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 




 Net current-period other comprehensive loss

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 




 Balance - June&#xA0;26
 2014

 
 


 


 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 




 


        
        

 The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss
 for the year ended June&#xA0;26
 2014 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 



 2014
 
 

 

 Comprehensive Income




 Amortization of defined benefit pension items:

 
 
 




 Unrecognized prior service cost

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Unrecognized net gain

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 




 Total before tax

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Tax effect

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 




 Amortization of defined pension items
 net of tax

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 




 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

INVESTMENT IN ARMA ENERGY
 INC

        

      






        
        


INVESTMENT IN ARMA ENERGY
 INC
        


 INC.

 Over the past few years we developed
 marketed
 and secured
 proprietary and intellectual property rights to the &#x201C;ARMA
 brand&#x201D; in select markets. The ARMA brand products consisted
 of &#x201C;energy-infused&#x201D; snack products
 including kettle
 cooked potato chips
 trail mixes
 fruit and nut blends
 granola
 mixes and other products. Sales of ARMA brand products were
 historically immaterial to our financial condition
 results of
 operations and cash flows.

 On February&#xA0;1
 2013 we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement
 with ARMA Energy
 Inc. (&#x201C;AEI&#x201D;) whereby we received
 approximately 71% of the preferred stock of AEI in exchange for
 sales
 marketing
 services
 and other expenses already incurred. In
 addition
 on February&#xA0;1
 2013
 we sold all of our intellectual
 property rights in the ARMA brand to AEI in exchange for a secured
 promissory note in the principal amount of $500 payable over five
 years. The fair value of the note received and non-controlling
 interest retained at the time of sale were not deemed material. At
 June&#xA0;27
 2013 our ownership percentage had decreased to
 approximately 58% due to additional investment from unrelated
 parties. After recording our proportional share of losses
 our
 investment in this entity was $0 at June&#xA0;27
 2013.

 During the third quarter of fiscal 2014 we divested of our equity
 investment in AEI and cancelled the secured promissory note
 receivable. This produced a tax benefit which favorably impacted
 our fiscal 2014 effective tax rate.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 judgments and assumptions in determining whether to consolidate and in identifying the primary beneficiary
 gain (loss) recognized on the initial consolidation of the VIE
 terms of arrangements
 amounts and classification of the VIE's assets and liabilities
 and the entity's maximum exposure to loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

520

291

114

697

393

815

619

507

622

334

575



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

339

228

699



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

180

774

611



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

125

940

388



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

978

392

877




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













