

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-13-349391
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20130627
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130828
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130828
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANFILIPPO JOHN B & SON INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000880117
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				362419677
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0628
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19681
		FILM NUMBER:		131064564
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1703 N. RANDALL ROAD
		CITY:			ELGIN
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60123-7820
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-289-1800
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1703 N. RANDALL ROAD
		CITY:			ELGIN
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60123-7820











 



 D.C. 20549 
FORM 10-K






For the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;27
 2013 
 




For the transition period
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;

JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON


















(Address of Principal Executive Offices
 Zip Code)
Registrant&#146;s telephone number
 including area code: (847)&nbsp;289-1800 












Common Stock
 $.01 par value per share





 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities



by check mark whether the registrant: (1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90


 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule


by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&nbsp;405 of Regulation S-K (229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained to the best of Registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of &#147;large accelerated
filer&#148;
 &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 






























Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Exchange


019
933 as of December&nbsp;27
 2012 (8
059
488 shares at $18.49 per share). 
As of August&nbsp;16
 2013
 8
322
509 shares of the registrant&#146;s Common Stock
 $.01 par value (&#147;Common Stock&#148;) and 2
597
426 shares of the
registrant&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 $.01 par value (&#147;Class A Stock&#148;)
 were outstanding. The Class&nbsp;A Stock is convertible at the option of the holder at any time and from time to time (and
 upon the occurrence of certain
events specified in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 automatically converts) into one share of Common Stock. 


 2013 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.






John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. was formed as a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1979 as the successor by merger to an
Illinois corporation that was incorporated in 1959. As used throughout this annual report on Form 10-K
 unless the context otherwise indicates
 the terms &#147;we&#148;
 &#147;us&#148;
 &#147;our&#148; or &#147;the Company&#148; refer collectively
to John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. and its two wholly-owned subsidiaries
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC and JBSS Ventures
 LLC. During the third quarter of fiscal 2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its real estate holdings to JBSS Real
Estate
 LLC and JBSS Properties
 LLC changed its name to JBSS Ventures
 LLC. Our fiscal year ends on the final Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists of fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week quarters)
 although the fiscal year ended
June&nbsp;30
 2011 consisted of fifty-three weeks (the fourth quarter containing fourteen weeks). Additional information on the comparability of the periods presented is as follows: 






References herein to fiscal 2014 are to the fiscal year ending June&nbsp;26
 2014. 






References herein to fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011 are to the fiscal years ended June&nbsp;27
 2013
&nbsp;June&nbsp;28
 2012 and
June&nbsp;30
 2011
We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
walnuts

Sunshine
Country 
 and in most cases manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 sunflower
seeds
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
Our website is
Information about us
 including our code of ethics
 annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports are made
available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports have been filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the&nbsp;&#147;SEC&#148;). Our materials filed with the SEC are also
. The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC&#146;s public reference room at 100 F St.
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public may obtain information about
the reference room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. References to our website addressed in this Form 10-K are provided as a convenience and do not constitute
 and should not be viewed as
 an incorporation by reference of the information
contained on
 or available through
 the website. Therefore
Our
headquarters and executive offices are located at 1703 North Randall Road
 Elgin
 Illinois 60123
 and our telephone number for investor relations is (847)&nbsp;289-1800


selling various nut and nut related products through four distribution channels. See &#147;Item 8 &#150; Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&#148; for our net sales
 net income and total assets. 
 


 
As stated
above
 we are one of the leading processors and distributors of tree nuts and peanuts in the United States. Through a deliberate strategy of focused capital expenditures and complementary acquisitions
 we have built a generally vertically integrated
nut processing operation that enables us to control almost every step of the process for pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
 including procurement from growers
 shelling
 processing
 packaging and marketing. Vertical integration allows us to enhance
product quality and
 in most crop years
 purchase in shell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts at lower costs as opposed to purchasing these nuts from other shellers. We believe that our generally vertically integrated business model typically works to our
advantage in terms of cost savings and provides us with better insight into crop development. Our generally vertically integrated model
 however
 can under certain circumstances result in reduced earnings or losses. See Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151;
Our products are sold through the major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food
retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 contract packaging customers and international customers. Selling through multiple distribution channels allows us to generate multiple revenue opportunities for the nuts we process. For example
 pecan halves
could be sold to food retailers
 and pecan pieces could be sold to commercial ingredient users. We process and sell all major nut types consumed in the United States
 including peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts and almonds (our major nut types) in a
wide variety of packaging
(ii) Principal Products
Our principal products are raw and processed nuts. These products accounted for approximately 81.9%
 83.2% and 83.9% of our gross sales
for fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 respectively. The nut product line includes almonds
 pecans
 peanuts
 black walnuts
 English walnuts
 cashews
 macadamia nuts
 pistachios
 pine nuts
 Brazil nuts
 and filberts. Our nut products are sold
in numerous package styles and sizes
 from stand-up bags
 poly-cellophane packages
 environmentally friendly packages
 composite and clear-plastic cans
 plastic tubs and plastic jars for retail sales
 to large cases and sacks for bulk sales to
commercial ingredient customers. In addition
 we offer our nut products in a variety of different styles and seasonings
 including non-blanched
 blanched
 oil roasted
 dry roasted
 salted
 unsalted
 honey roasted
 flavored
 spicy
 chocolate-coated
butter toffee
 praline and cinnamon toasted. We sell our products domestically to retailers and wholesalers as well as to commercial ingredient and contract packaging customers. We also sell certain of our products to foreign customers in the retail
and commercial ingredient markets. We are in the process of expanding our nut distribution internationally with a number of our branded products. For more information about our revenues in our various distribution channels
 see &#147;Item 8 &#150;
We acquire a substantial portion of our peanut
 pecan and walnut requirements directly
from domestic growers. The balance of our raw nut supply is purchased from importers
 trading companies and domestic processors. In fiscal 2013
 the majority of our peanuts
 pecans and walnuts were shelled at one of our four shelling facilities
 and
the remaining portion was purchased shelled from processors. See &#147;Raw Materials and Supplies&#148; and Item&nbsp;2(b) &#151; &#147;Properties &#151; Manufacturing Capability
 Utilization
 Technology and Engineering&#148; below. 
We manufacture and market peanut butter in several sizes and varieties. We also market and distribute
 and in many cases process and manufacture
 a wide
assortment of other food and snack products. These other products include snack mixes
 salad toppings
 snacks
 trail mixes
 dried fruit and chocolate and yogurt coated products sold to retailers and wholesalers; baking ingredients sold to retailers
wholesalers
 and commercial ingredient customers; bulk food products sold to retail and commercial ingredient users; an assortment of sunflower seeds
 snack mixes
 almond butter
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products sold to retail
supermarkets
 vending companies
 mass merchandisers and commercial ingredient users and a wide variety of toppings for ice cream and yogurt sold to commercial ingredient users. 
 




 commercial ingredient
 contract packaging and export distribution channels. The consumer channel supplies nut-based products
including consumer-packaged and bulk products
 to retailers
 including supermarket chains
 wholesalers
 supercenters
 and other retail food outlets across the United States. We sell products through the consumer channel under our brand name
products
 including the 
 brands
 as well as under our customers&#146; private brands. The commercial ingredient channel supplies nut-based products to other manufacturers to use
as ingredients in their final food products such as bakery
 confection
 cereal and ice cream
 and produces nut-based products that are customized to the specifications of chefs
 national restaurant chains
 food service distributors
 fast food
chains
 brand and our customers&#146; private brands. Our contract manufacturing channel produces and packages nut-based snacks for
manufacturers under their brand name. Finally
 branded snack nuts
 private branded snack nuts and commercial ingredients to approximately 105 customers
worldwide (which accounts for approximately 5% of our net sales)
 supplying both the commercial ingredients channel and the consumer channel under the 
We are dependent on a few significant customers for a majority of our total net sales
 particularly in the consumer channel. Sales to our five largest
customers represented approximately 56% of net sales in both fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 and 53% of net sales in fiscal 2011. Net sales to Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. accounted for approximately 22%
 21% and 20% of our net sales for fiscal 2013
 fiscal
2012 and fiscal 2011
 respectively. Net sales to Target Corporation accounted for approximately 15% in both fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012 and 12% of our net sales for fiscal 2011. Net sales to PepsiCo
 Inc. accounted for approximately 11% of our net
(iv) Sales and
We market our products through our own sales department and through a network of approximately 90 independent brokers and
We distribute products from our Illinois
 Georgia
 California
 North Carolina and Texas
production facilities. The majority of our products are shipped from our production and warehouse facilities by contract and common carriers. 
In the Chicago area
 we operate a retail store at our production facility. This store sells bulk foods and other products produced by us and other


 introducing new products
attracting new customers and increasing consumption in the snack nut
 recipe nut (also known as and previously referred to as &#147;baking nut&#148;) and produce categories. Private brand and commercial ingredient channel efforts are focused on
A significant portion of our marketing efforts are focused on consumer promotional campaigns that include
advertisements (e.g.
 newspaper
 radio
 internet
 television and social media)
 coupon offers and co-op advertising with select retail customers. We also conduct integrated marketing campaigns using multiple media outlets for the promotion of the
 brand
 including marketing efforts with professional sports franchises and celebrity chefs. Additionally
 shipper display units are utilized in retail stores in an effort to gain additional temporary product placement and to drive
sales volume. We work with third-party information agencies
 such as Nielsen


 trade publication advertising and one-on-one marketing. These promotional efforts highlight our
processing capabilities
 broad product portfolio
 product customization and packaging innovation. 
 


 
 retail customers and distributors in key markets
 as well as occasional participation in international
Through participation in several trade associations
 funding of industry research and sponsorship of educational programs
 we
support efforts to increase awareness of the health benefits
 convenience and versatility of nuts as both a snack and a recipe ingredient among existing and future consumers of nuts. 
Our
nuts and other snack food products compete against products manufactured and sold by numerous other companies in the snack food industry
 some of whom are substantially larger and have greater resources than us. In the nut industry
 we compete with
among others
 Kraft Foods Group
 Inc. (Planters brand)
 ConAgra Foods
 Inc. (acquirer of Ralcorp Holdings
 Inc.
 a private brand manufacturer)
 Diamond Foods
 Inc. (Emerald and Diamond brands) and numerous regional snack food processors. Competitive
factors in our markets include price
 product quality
 customer service
 breadth of product line
 brand name awareness
 method of distribution and sales promotion. The combination of our generally vertically integrated operating model with respect
to pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
 our product quality
 product offering
 brand strength
 distribution model and the fact that we focus on nut and nut related products generally enable us to compete in each of these categories
 but there can be no
guarantee that our products will continue to be competitive with many of our larger competitors. See Part I


fiscal 2013
 all of our walnuts and almonds were purchased from domestic sources. While we generally purchase our peanuts from domestic sources
 the small supply of peanuts harvested in the 2011 crop year in the United States necessitated the
purchase of peanuts from Argentina during the beginning of fiscal 2013. We purchase our pecans from the southern United States and Mexico. Cashew nuts are imported from Vietnam
 India
 Brazil and Africa. For fiscal 2013
 approximately 31% of the
Competition in the nut shelling industry is driven by shellers&#146;
ability to access and purchase raw nuts
 to shell the nuts efficiently and to sell the nuts to processors. We shell all major domestic nut types
 with the exception of almonds
 and are among a few select shellers who further process
 package and
sell nuts to the end-user. Raw material pricing pressure and the high cost of equipment automation have previously contributed to a consolidation among shellers across all nut types
 especially peanuts and pecans. 
We are generally vertically integrated with respect to pecans
 peanuts and walnuts and
 unlike our major retail competitors who purchase nuts on the open
market
 we purchase a substantial portion of our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers. However
 there are risks associated with vertical integration such as susceptibility to market declines for pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. See Part I
We sponsor a seed exchange program under which we provide peanut seed to growers in
return for a commitment to repay the dollar value of that seed
 plus interest
 in the form of farmer stock inshell peanuts at harvest (the &#147;Seed Program&#148;). Approximately 51% of the farmer stock peanuts we purchased in fiscal 2013 were
grown from seed provided by us. In fiscal 2013
 Seed Program transactions represented less than 0.2% of our cost of sales and the year end balance due from peanut seed growers was approximately $0.9 million or 0.4% of current assets. We also
contract for the growing of a limited number of generations of peanut seed to increase seed quality and maintain desired genetic characteristics of the peanut seed used in processing. Our peanut seed is not genetically modified. 
Due
 in part
 to the seasonal nature of the industry
 we maintain significant inventories of peanuts
 pecans and walnuts at certain times of the year
especially in the second and third quarters of our fiscal year. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts and walnuts and other nuts may affect the value of our inventory and thus may also affect our gross profit and gross profit margin.
See Part I
We purchase some of our packaging and labels from a related party. We purchase
other inventory items such as roasting oils
 seasonings
 plastic jars
 labels
 stand-up bags
 composite and clear-plastic cans and other packaging materials from other third parties. Material costs
 including tree nuts
 peanuts
 other commodities
and other inventory items represented approximately 85% of our total cost of sales for fiscal 2013. 
 


 
We market our products primarily under name brands
Fisher
and
brand names
 which are registered as trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as well as in various other foreign jurisdictions. We do not own any trademarks for any private brands
which are owned by the respective private brand customer. Our trademarks
 particularly those related to our brands
 are important as they provide our customers with information about the quality of our products. However
 registration and use of our
trademark
 in foreign jurisdictions may be subject to certain risks in addition to other risks generally related to our intellectual property. See Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; below. We also own several patents of various
durations. We expect to continue to renew for the foreseeable future those trademarks that are important to our business and expand registration of our trademarks into new jurisdictions. We intend to protect our intellectual property rights


 2013
 we had approximately 1
300 full-time employees
 including approximately 170 corporate staff employees. Due to the seasonality of our business
 our labor requirements typically
peak during the last quarter of the calendar year. 
Our business is seasonal. Demand for peanut and tree nut products is highest during the last four months of the calendar year. Peanuts
 pecans and
walnuts
 three of our principal raw materials
 are primarily purchased between September and February and are processed throughout the year until the following harvest. As a result of this seasonality
 our personnel requirements rise during the last
four months of the calendar year. Our working capital requirements generally peak during the third quarter of our fiscal year. 
Because
the time between order and shipment is usually less than three weeks
 we believe that any backlog as of a particular date is not material to an understanding of our business as a whole. 


 including the presence of shell fragments
 foreign objects
insects
 foreign substances
 chemicals
 aflatoxin and other agents
 or residues introduced during the growing
 storage
 handling or transportation phases. We (i)&nbsp;maintain what we believe to be rigid quality control standards and food safety
systems and are SQF 2000 Code Level 2 certified
 (ii)&nbsp;generally inspect our nut and other food products by visual examination
 metal detectors or electronic monitors at various stages of our shelling and processing operations 
 (iii)&nbsp;work
with the United States Department of Agriculture (&#147;USDA&#148;) in its inspection of peanuts shipped to and from our peanut shelling facilities
 (iv)&nbsp;maintain environmental pathogen programs
 and (v)&nbsp;seek to comply with the Nutrition
Labeling and Education Act by labeling each product that we sell with labels that disclose the nutritional value and content of each of our products; however
 no assurance can be given that some nut or other food products sold by us may not contain
or develop harmful substances. In order to mitigate this risk
 we strive to select high-quality nut suppliers and currently maintain product liability insurance of $1 million per occurrence
 $2 million aggregate and umbrella coverage of up to $50
million. In an effort to mitigate some of the risks of product recalls
 we have $5 million coverage for contaminated product insurance. 
 




 and therefore
 an investment in our Common Stock is subject to risks and uncertainties. The factors described below could materially and adversely
affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. While each risk is described separately
 some of these risks are interrelated and it is possible that certain risks could trigger the applicability of other risks described below.
Also
 the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us
 or that are currently deemed immaterial
 could also potentially impair our business
 results of
operations and financial condition. Investors should consider the following factors
 in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 including &#147;Part II
 Item&nbsp;7 &#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion


 Cash Flows and Financial Condition 
The availability and cost of raw materials for the production of our products
 including peanuts
 pecans
 almonds
 cashews
 walnuts and other nuts are
subject to crop size and yield fluctuations caused by factors beyond our control
 such as weather conditions
 natural disasters (including floods
 droughts
 frosts
 earthquakes and hurricanes)
 plant diseases
 other factors affecting global supply
changes in global customer demand
 changes in government programs and purchasing behavior of certain countries
 including China. Additionally
 any determination by the USDA or other government agencies that certain pesticides
 herbicides or other
chemicals used by growers have left harmful residues on portions of the crop or that the crop has been contaminated by aflatoxin or other agents or any future product recalls could reduce the supply of edible nuts and other raw materials used in our
Because these raw materials are commodities
 their prices are set by the market
and can therefore fluctuate quickly and dramatically due to varied events
 such as those described above. Furthermore
 we are not able to hedge against changes in commodity prices because no appropriate futures or other market for these commodities
exists. Consequently
 in order to achieve or maintain profitability levels
 there is pressure to increase the prices of our products to reflect the increase in the costs of the raw materials that we use and sell. However
 we may not be successful in
passing along partial or full price increases to our customers
 if at all
 and we may not be able to do so in a timely fashion. Our ability to raise prices is often dependent upon the actions of our competitors
 some of whom are significantly larger
and more diversified than we are. Additionally
 any such product price increase that we are able to pass along to our customers may ultimately reduce the demand for
 and sales of
 our products as customers reduce purchases or substitute products.
For example
 we experienced a reduction in our sales volume (measured as pounds sold to customers) during fiscal 2012 that we believe was caused primarily by a reduction in demand due to the higher prices of tree nuts and peanuts. Any one or more of
the foregoing aspects may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
Moreover
fluctuations in the market prices of nuts may affect the value of our inventories and profitability. We have significant inventories of nuts that would be materially and adversely affected by any decrease in the market price of such raw materials.
See Part II


Some customer buying decisions are based upon a periodic bidding process in which the single
 successful bidder is assured the selling of its selected
product to the food retailer
 supercenter or mass merchandiser until the next bidding process to the exclusion of other bidders. Our sales volume may decrease significantly if our bid is too high and we lose the ability to sell products through
these channels
 even temporarily. Alternatively
 we risk reducing our margins if our bid is successful but below our desired price points. In addition
 margins could be further reduced if prices rise and we are not able to partially or fully pass on
such price increases to customers. Any of these outcomes may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 


Our Inability to Manage Successfully the Price Gap Between our Private Brand Products and Those of our
Although demand for private brand products has
increased as a result of past and current economic conditions
 our competitors&#146; branded products have certain advantages over our private brand products primarily due to advertising and name recognition. When branded competitors focus on
promotion and reduce their prices
 the environment for private brand products becomes more challenging because the price gaps between private brand and branded products can become less meaningful. 
At the retail level
 private brand products generally sell at a discount to those of branded competitors. If branded competitors reduce the price of
their products
 the price of branded products offered to consumers may approximate the prices of our private brand products. Further
 promotional activities by branded competitors such as temporary price reductions
 buy-one-get-one-free offerings
and coupons have the same general effect as price decreases. Price decreases initiated by branded competitors could result in a decline in the demand for our private brand products and
 consequently
 our sales volumes and profitability. Such sales
volume and profitability decreases could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Similarly
 price decreases initiated by branded competitors could require to us to lower our prices for both branded and private brand products
based on customer pressure. Because private brand products are generally sold at prices that are lower than similar branded products
 any such price decreases would affect our products more than some of our competitors&#146; branded products. Taken
as a whole
 any price decreases of our private brand products in response to branded product pricing pressures could reduce our profit margins and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
In addition
 many of our competitors with significant branded operations have more diversified product offerings among a wider variety of food categories
than we have. Such competitors could
 as a result of their size or diversified offerings
 be in a better position to decrease their costs for their branded products or offer better promotions. If competitors are able to exploit their size or
diversification to make significant price reductions
 it could decrease our sales

<FONT

 whether for name brand products or
private brand products
 can quickly change based on a number of factors beyond our control. If we fail to anticipate
 identify or react quickly to these changes and are unable to introduce new and improved products to meet consumer preferences
demand for our products could suffer. In addition
 demand for our products could be affected by consumer concerns regarding the health effects of nutrients or ingredients in nut or nut-based products. Reduction in demand as a result of changing
In addition
 our success in
anticipating and offering products to our customers that appeal to their preferences depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment. We increasingly rely on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns as
well as advertising outside of traditional print channels. Negative posts or comments about us on social networking Web sites or similar online activity could seriously impact consumer demand for our products. We are subject to a variety of legal
and regulatory restrictions on how we market our products. These restrictions may limit our ability to respond to changing tastes as the media and communications environment continues to evolve. If we do not react appropriately
 then our product
sales
We Sometimes Enter Into Fixed Price
Commitments Without First Knowing Our Acquisition Costs


 and certain other customers
 require us to enter into fixed price commitments with them. Such commitments represented approximately 15%
of our annual net sales in fiscal 2013. The commitments are for a fixed period of time
 typically three months to twelve months
 but may be extended if remaining balances exist. Sometimes we enter into fixed price commitments with respect to certain
of our nut products before fixing our acquisition costs in order to maintain customer relationships or when
 in 
 


 
management&#146;s judgment
 market or crop harvest conditions so warrant. To the extent we do so and the fixed prices are not properly aligned with our acquisition costs
 then these fixed price

<FONT

 peanuts and walnuts
 including procurement from growers. Our
generally vertically integrated model has in the past resulted
 and may in the future result
 in significant losses because we are subject to the various risks associated with purchasing a majority of our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from
growers
 including the risk of purchasing such products from growers at costs that later
 due to altered market conditions
 prove to be above market prices. Accordingly
 because we purchase a majority of our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from
growers during harvest season and shell and process these nuts throughout our fiscal year
 there is a possibility that
 after we acquire these nuts
 market conditions may change and we will be forced to sell these nuts at a loss which could
We Operate in a Competitive Environment Which Could Materially and Adversely
We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our principal products
compete against food and snack products manufactured and sold by numerous regional
 national and international companies
 some of which are substantially larger and have greater resources than us
 such as Kraft Foods Group
 Inc. (Planters brand)
ConAgra Foods
 Inc. (acquirer of Ralcorp Holdings
 Inc.
 a private brand manufacturer) and Diamond Foods
 Inc. (Emerald and Diamond brands). Most of our competitors that sell and market the other top branded snack nut products have committed more
resources to such brands when compared to the resources spent by us on our brands. Our retail competitors buy their nuts on the open market and are thus not exposed to the risks of purchasing raw pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers at
fixed prices that later
 due to altered market conditions
 prove to be above market prices. We also compete with other shellers in the commercial ingredient market and with regional processors in the retail and wholesale markets. In order to
maintain or increase our market share
 we must continue to price our products competitively
 which may lower revenue per unit and cause a decline in gross profit margin if we are unable to increase unit volumes as well as reduce our costs
 which
We are Dependent Upon Certain Significant
Customers Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition
We are dependent
on a few significant customers for a large portion of our total net sales
 particularly in the consumer channel. Sales to our five largest customers represented approximately 56%
 56% and 53% of net sales in fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
respectively. There can be no assurance that all significant customers will continue to purchase our products in the same quantities or on the same terms as in the past
 particularly as increasingly powerful retailers may demand lower pricing. A
loss of one of our largest customers or a material decrease in purchases by one of our largest customers would result in decreased sales and would materially and adversely affect our results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows.
We are Subject to Customer Pricing Pressures Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and Results of
As the retail grocery trade continues to consolidate and our retail customers grow larger
 become more sophisticated and
obtain more purchasing power
 our retail customers are demanding lower pricing
 especially private brand customers
 and increased free or discounted promotional programs. Further
 these retail customers may begin to place a greater emphasis on the
lowest-cost supplier in making purchasing decisions especially under current economic conditions and during periods of increased raw material acquisition costs. An increased focus on the lowest-cost supplier could reduce the benefits of some of our
competitive advantages
 which include a focus on customer service
 innovation
 production capacity and quality
 and not merely price. Our sales volume growth could suffer
 and it may become necessary to lower our prices and increase promotional
support of our products
 any of which would materially and adversely affect our gross profit and gross profit margin and would materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 


Food Safety and Product Contamination Concerns Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Financial
If consumers in our principal markets lose confidence in the safety of nut products
 particularly
with respect to peanut and tree nut allergies
 food borne illnesses or other food safety matters
 this could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Individuals with nut allergies may be at risk of serious
illness or death resulting from the consumption of our nut products
 including consumption of other companies&#146; products containing our products as an ingredient. Notwithstanding our existing food safety controls
 we process peanuts and tree
nuts on the same equipment
 and there is no guarantee that our products will not be cross-contaminated. Concerns generated by risks of peanut and tree nut cross-contamination and other food safety matters
 including food borne illnesses
 may
discourage consumers from buying our products
 cause production and delivery disruptions
 or result in product recalls. Product safety issues (i)&nbsp;concerning products not manufactured
 distributed or sold by us and (ii)&nbsp;concerning products
we manufacture
 distribute and sell
 may materially and adversely affect demand for products in the nut industry as a whole
 including products without actual safety problems. Decreases in demand for products in the industry generally could have a
material adverse affect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition
 the cooling system at the Elgin
 Illinois facility utilizes ammonia. If a leak in the system were to occur
 there is a possibility that the inventory in cold
storage at the Elgin


 Results of
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&#147;FDA&#148;) recently announced a plan to assess the risks of
Salmonella contamination associated with tree nuts. The results and impact of this risk assessment could lead to increased industry-specific regulation and/or additional risk-based preventive controls which may result in increased compliance costs
which could have a material adverse effect on effect our financial condition
Product Liability
We face
risks associated with product liability claims and product recalls in the event:&nbsp;(i) our food safety and quality control procedures are ineffective or fail
 (ii)&nbsp;we procure products from third parties that are or become subject to a
recall
 regardless of&nbsp;whether or not our food safety and quality&nbsp;control procedures are ineffective or fail
 (iii)&nbsp;our products cause injury or become adulterated or misbranded or (iv)&nbsp;our products are determined to be promoted
or labeled in a misleading fashion. In addition
 we do not control the labeling of other companies&#146; products containing our products as an ingredient. A product recall of a sufficient quantity
 a significant product liability judgment against
us
 or other safety concerns could cause our products to be unavailable for a period of time and could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our products. If these kinds of events were to occur
 they would have a material adverse effect on the
demand for our products and
 consequently
We are Dependent on Certain Key Personnel and the
Our future success will be largely
dependent on the personal efforts of our senior operating management team
 including Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Chief Executive Officer
 Michael J. Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary
 James A. Valentine
 Chief Information
Officer and Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Chief Operating Officer
 President and Assistant Secretary. We believe that the expertise and knowledge of these individuals in the industry
 and in their respective fields
 is a critical factor to our growth
and success. Although some of our officers own significant amounts of our Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 these individuals have not entered into any employment or non-compete agreement with us
 nor do we have key officer insurance coverage policies in
effect. The departure of any of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects and that in turn would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our success is also dependent upon our ability
to attract and retain additional qualified personnel
 and there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so especially as economic conditions improve. 
 


We are Subject to Government Regulation Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Results of
We are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA
 the USDA
 the United States Environmental Protection Agency
(&#147;EPA&#148;) and other state
 local and foreign authorities in jurisdictions where our products are manufactured
 processed or sold. Among other things
 these regulations govern the manufacturing
 importation
 processing
 packaging
 storage
distribution and labeling of our products. Our manufacturing and processing facilities and products are subject to periodic compliance inspections by federal
 state
 local and foreign authorities. We are also subject to environmental regulations
governing the discharge of air emissions
 water and food waste
 the usage and storage of pesticides
 and the generation
 handling
 storage
 transportation
 treatment and disposal of waste materials. Amendments to existing statutes and regulations
adoption of new statutes and regulations
 increased production at our existing facilities as well as our expansion into new operations and jurisdictions
 may require us to obtain additional licenses and permits and could require us to adapt or alter
methods of operations at costs that could be substantial. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be time-consuming
 expensive or costly to us in different ways and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Failure
to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 as well as possible criminal sanctions
 which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
Specifically
 governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry
 such as taxes
 tariffs
 duties
 subsidies
 incentives
 and import
and export restrictions on agricultural commodities and commodity products
 can influence the planting of certain crops
 the location and size of crop production
 whether commodity products are traded
 the volume and types of imports and exports
the viability and volume of production of certain of our products
 and industry profitability. In addition
 international trade disputes can adversely affect commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. Future
government policies may adversely affect the supply of
 demand for
 and prices of our products
 restrict our ability to do business in its existing and target markets
 and negatively impact our revenues and operating results. Changes in regulatory
requirements (such as requirements designed to enhance food safety or marketing)
 or evolving interpretations of existing regulatory requirements
 may result in increased compliance costs
 capital expenditures and other financial obligations that
Furthermore
 we are subject to the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism
Preparedness and Response Act of 2002 (the &#147;Bioterrorism Act&#148;). The Bioterrorism Act includes a number of provisions to help guard against the threat of bioterrorism
 including authority for the Secretary of Health and Human Services
(&#147;HHS&#148;) to take action to protect the nation&#146;s food supply against the threat of intentional contamination. The FDA
 as the food regulatory arm of HHS
 is responsible for developing and implementing these food safety measures
 which
fall into four broad categories: (i)&nbsp;registration of food facilities
 (ii)&nbsp;establishment and maintenance of records regarding the sources and recipients of foods
 (iii)&nbsp;prior notice to FDA of imported food shipments and
(iv)&nbsp;administrative detention of potentially affected foods. There can be no assurances that the effects of the Bioterrorism Act and the rules enacted thereunder by the FDA
 including any potential disruption in our supply of imported nuts
which represented approximately 31% of the dollar value of our total nut purchases in fiscal 2013


 including increased inspections and mandatory recalls
 as well as
stricter enforcement actions
 each of which could result in additional compliance costs and civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 withdrawals
 recalls or seizures and confiscations. The FSMA further instructed the FDA to develop new rules
and regulations
 including the performance of hazard analyses
 implementation of preventive plans to control hazards
 and foreign supplier verification provisions. We currently have &#147;hazard analysis and critical control points&#148;
(&#147;HACCP&#148;) processes and procedures in place that may appropriately address many of the existing or future concerns arising out of the FSMA; however
 any new FDA rules and regulations could require us change certain of our operational
processes and procedures
 or implement new ones
 and there could also be unforeseen issues
 requirements and costs that arise as the FDA promulgates its new rules and regulations. HACCP is a management system in which food safety is addressed
through the analysis and control of hazards from raw material production
 procurement and handling
 to manufacturing
 distribution and consumption of the finished product. 
 


We are a publicly traded company and subject to changing rules and regulations of federal and state
governments as well as the stock exchange on which our Common Stock is listed. These entities
 including the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 the SEC
 the Department of Justice and the Nasdaq Global Select Market
 have issued a significant
number of new and increasingly complex requirements and regulations over the course of the last several years and continue to develop additional regulations and requirements in response to laws enacted by Congress. Our efforts to comply with these
requirements have resulted in
 and are likely to continue to result in
 an increase in expenses and a diversion of management&#146;s time from other business activities. Failure to comply with any law or regulation could subject us to civil
remedies
 including fines and injunctions
 as well as possible criminal sanctions


 Legal
 Economic
 Political and Social Risks of Doing Business in Emerging Markets and Other Foreign Countries May Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations
Approximately 31% of the dollar value of our total nut purchases for fiscal 2013 were made from foreign countries. We purchase our
cashew inventories from Vietnam
 India
 Brazil and Africa and some of our pecans from Mexico
 which are in many respects emerging markets. We are continually looking to expand our sales internationally and enter new emerging and established markets
which may include markets within Asia. To this extent
 we are exposed to risks inherent in emerging markets
 including: 



















governmental attempts to reduce inflation
 such as imposition of higher interest rates and wage and price controls;



















compliance with
 and subjection to
 international laws
 including our ability to protect our intellectual property
 such as our brands;






compliance with U.S. laws and regulations related to conduct in foreign countries
 such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;



















tariffs
 duties
 trade laws and other barriers to trade that may reduce our profitability or sales; and 








limit our ability to make international sales
 and may materially and adversely affect our results of operations by increasing the costs of doing business overseas or limiting our international sales. 
 


The Way in Which We Measure Inventory May Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations
We acquire our inshell nut inventories of pecans
 peanuts and walnuts from growers and farmers in large quantities at harvest times
which are primarily during the second and third quarters of our fiscal year
 and receive nut shipments in bulk truckloads. The weights of these nuts are measured using truck scales at the time of receipt
 and inventories are recorded on the basis of
those measurements. The nuts are then stored in bulk in large warehouses to be shelled or processed throughout the year. Bulk-stored nut inventories are relieved on the basis of continuous high-speed bulk weighing systems as the nuts are shelled or
processed or on the basis of calculations derived from the weight of the shelled nuts that are produced. While we perform various procedures periodically to confirm the accuracy of our bulk-stored nut inventories
 these inventories are estimates
that must be periodically adjusted to account for positive or negative variations in quantities and yields
 and such adjustments directly affect earnings. The quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a
ten to fifteen month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates
 which historically averaged less than 1.0% of inventory purchases
 are also recorded. The precise amount of our bulk-stored nut inventories is not known until the entire quantity
of the particular nut is depleted
 which may not necessarily occur every year. Prior crop year inventories may still be on hand as the new crop year inventories are purchased. The majority of bulk-stored nut inventories at June&nbsp;27
 2013 were
processed during the first quarter of fiscal 2014
 before any new crop inventories were purchased
 thus enabling us to adjust the bulk-stored nut inventories at June&nbsp;27
 2013. There can be no assurance that such inventory quantity adjustments
Certain of Our Stockholders Possess a Majority of
Aggregate Voting Power in the Company
 Which May Make a Takeover or Change in Control More or Less Difficult; and The Sanfilippo Group Has Pledged a Substantial Amount of their Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 Either of Which Could Materially and
Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition
As of August&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2013
 Jasper B. Sanfilippo
Marian Sanfilippo
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Lisa A. Sanfilippo
 John E. Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo (the &#147;Sanfilippo Group&#148;) own or control Common Stock (one vote per share) and Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
(ten votes per share on all matters other than the election of Common Stock directors) representing approximately a 51.7% voting interest in the Company. As of August&nbsp;28
 2013
 Michael J. Valentine and Mathias A. Valentine (the &#147;Valentine
Group&#148;) own or control Common Stock (one vote per share) and Class&nbsp;A Common Stock (ten votes per share on all matters other than the election of Common Stock directors) representing approximately a 24.2% voting interest in the Company. In
addition
 the Sanfilippo Group and the Valentine Group are entitled to elect six Class&nbsp;A Directors which represents 66% of the entire board. As a result
 the Sanfilippo Group and the Valentine Group together are able to direct the election of a
majority of the members to the Board of Directors. In addition
 the Sanfilippo Group is able to exert certain influence on our business
 or take certain actions
 that cannot be counteracted by another stockholder or group of stockholders. The
Sanfilippo Group is able to determine the outcome of nearly all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders
 including any amendments to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws. The Sanfilippo Group has the power to prevent or cause a change
in control or sale of the Company which may or may not be in the best interests of the other holders of Common Stock
 and can take other actions that may be less favorable to our other stockholders and more favorable to the Sanfilippo Group
 subject
to applicable legal limitations
 which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. 
In addition
 several members of the Sanfilippo Group that beneficially own a significant interest in our Company have pledged a substantial portion of
the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Stock that they own to secure loans made to them by commercial banks. If a stockholder defaults on any of its obligations under these pledge agreements or the related loan documents
 these banks may have the right to
sell the pledged shares. Such a sale could cause our Company&#146;s stock price to decline. Many of the occurrences that could result in a foreclosure of the pledged shares are out of our control and are unrelated to our operations. Because these
shares are pledged to secure loans
 the occurrence of an event of default could result in a sale of pledged shares that could cause a change of control of our Company
 even when such a change may not be in the best interests of our stockholders
 and
it could also result in a default under certain material contracts to which we are a party
 including an event of default under the Credit Agreement by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 (f/k/a Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC)
 as the
arranger and administrative agent and a syndicate of lenders
 dated February&nbsp;7
 2008 (as amended
 the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;)
 which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows.

 


We May Incur Material Losses as a Licensed Nut Warehouse Operator under the United States Warehouse
We store a large amount of peanut inventory on behalf of the
United States government at various facilities. As a licensed USDA Nut Warehouse Operator
 to the extent that we do not purchase these peanuts
 we are responsible for delivering the loan value of the peanut inventory in our possession as represented
on the warehouse receipt on demand. Because the inventory may be stored at our facilities for a significant period of time
 the peanut inventory may decrease in value as a result of a decline in the quality of the peanut inventory or shrinkage in
the peanut inventory. We are responsible for reimbursing the United States government for any such decline in value associated with quality issues or shrinkage in excess of an allowable amount that arise during our custody of such inventory.
Accordingly


 Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Ability to Obtain Additional Capital if Required Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our
Financial Condition
Our financing arrangements include a mortgage facility
 which is secured by
essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina. Because essentially all of our owned real property is encumbered
 such properties are not available as a means of securing
further capital in the event that additional capital is required because of unexpected events
 losses or other circumstances
 which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. 

General economic conditions and the effects of a recession
 including uncertainty in economic conditions and an economic downturn
 and political
uncertainties
 including political action or inaction having an impact on the economy
 could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations
 results of operations and financial condition. These conditions may include
 among other
things
 higher unemployment
 increased commodity costs
 increased raw material costs
 increased packaging material prices
 decreases or alterations in consumer demand
 changes in buying patterns
 a weakened U.S. dollar and higher general energy
transportation and fuel costs. Maintaining the prices of our products
 initiating price increases (including passing along price increases for commodities used in our products) and increasing the demand for our products
 all of which are important
to our plans to increase profitability
 may be materially and adversely affected by general economic conditions. Among other considerations
 nuts and our other products are not essential products and therefore demand and sales volume could decrease.
Litigation Could
We have been the subject of litigation and
investigations in the past
 and we may become the subject of litigation and investigations in the future. Plaintiffs or regulatory bodies could seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts
 and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to
lawsuits and investigations is difficult to accurately estimate.&nbsp;Regardless of whether any claims against us are valid
 or whether we are ultimately held liable
 such litigation and investigations may be expensive to defend and may divert time
and money away from our operations and negatively impact our financial performance.&nbsp;A judgment or settlement for significant monetary damages or requiring other significant changes to our business or assets could materially and adversely affect
our financial condition and results of operations.&nbsp;Any adverse publicity resulting from allegations or investigations may also adversely affect our reputation
 which in turn could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and
results of operations. 
 


Technology Disruptions or Failures Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and
We depend on information technology to maintain and streamline our operations
 including
 among other things
(i)&nbsp;interfacing with our locations
 customers and suppliers
 (ii)&nbsp;complying with financial reporting
 legal and tax regulatory requirements
 (iii)&nbsp;maintaining inventory control and monitoring systems and (iv)&nbsp;providing us with
real-time feedback about our business. Like other companies
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control
 including natural disasters
 terrorist attacks
 telecommunications
failures
 computer viruses
 hackers
 and other security issues. We have technology security initiatives and disaster recovery plans in place or in process to mitigate our risk to these vulnerabilities
 but these measures may not be adequate. While
we have not experienced any significant disruption or failure of our information technology systems
 any such disruption or failure could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
Inability to Protect Our Intellectual Property or Avoid Intellectual Property Disputes Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial
We consider our intellectual property rights
 particularly and most notably our brand trademarks

 trademarks)
 but also our patents
 trade secrets
 copyrights and licensing agreements
 to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our
intellectual property rights through a combination of patent
 trademark
 copyright and trade secret laws
 as well as licensing agreements
 third party nondisclosure and assignment agreements and policing of third party misuses of our intellectual
property both domestically and internationally. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our trademarks
 products
 new features of our products
 or our technology
 or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current
legal protections of our intellectual property


 we may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technology
 brands or products. Any disputes regarding patents or other intellectual property could be
costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Third party claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly license agreements. We
also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products if found to be liable for infringing activity. Any such activities could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results
Unsuccessful Implementation of Our Strategic Plan Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and
We developed a five-year strategic plan (the &#147;Strategic Plan&#148;) during fiscal 2009 and have updated the
Strategic Plan from time to time to help us achieve long-term profitable growth. As part of this Strategic Plan
 we have taken a number of actions including
 among other things
 the acquisition of OVH
 promotion of our branded products
international expansion and other related strategies related to increasing sales of private brand products. We are taking these actions in order to increase sales in all of our distribution channels. There are no assurances that we will be
successful in achieving any portion of our Strategic Plan
In addition
 we have in the past
 as part of our
Strategic Plan
 engaged in strategic acquisitions and joint ventures. However
 we may be unable to successfully manage our existing acquisitions or joint ventures or identify additional acquisitions or joint ventures which are attractive or
advantageous to grow or otherwise supplement our existing business. We may be unable to achieve a substantial portion of any anticipated cost savings from previous acquisitions or joint ventures or other anticipated benefits in the timeframe we
anticipate
Any inability to realize the anticipated benefits from the Strategic Plan could materially and adversely affect our
financial condition and results of operations. 
 


 
Item&nbsp;2 &#151; Properties
We own or lease five principal production facilities. Our primary processing and distribution facility along with our headquarters is
located at our facility in Elgin
 Illinois that houses our primary manufacturing operations and corporate headquarters (the &#147;Elgin Site&#148;). The remaining principal production facilities are located in Bainbridge
 Georgia; Garysburg
 North
Carolina; Selma
 Texas and Gustine
 California. In addition
As described below in Part II
Item&nbsp;7 &#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#151; Liquidity and Capital Resources&#148;
 the Mortgage Facility (as defined below) is secured by mortgages on essentially all of
our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois; Gustine
 California and Garysburg
We believe that our facilities are
generally well maintained and in good operating condition. 























Constructed


Bainbridge
 Georgia

245
000



Peanut shelling
 purchasing
 processing
 packaging
 warehousing and distribution



Garysburg
 North Carolina

160
000



Peanut shelling
 purchasing
 processing
 packaging
 warehousing and distribution



Selma



300
000



Pecan shelling
 processing
 bulk packaging
 warehousing and distribution



Gustine
 California

215
000



Walnut shelling
 processing
 packaging
 warehousing and distribution



Elgin



400
000







Elgin



1
001
000



Processing
 packaging
 warehousing
 distribution and corporate offices






In addition to the properties listed in the table
 we own land in Elgin
 Illinois
 which we originally anticipated using in connection with our facility consolidation
project (the &#147;Old Elgin Site&#148;). For a description of the Old Elgin Site
 including its potential sale
 see Part II
 Item&nbsp;7 &#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#151;
Real Estate Matters&#148;. 



The sale of the Selma properties to related party partnerships was consummated during the first quarter of fiscal 2007. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements &#151; &#147;Long-Term Debt&#148;. 
 





The Elgin Office Building (part of the Elgin Site) was acquired in April 2005. Approximately 29% of the Elgin Office Building is currently being leased to unrelated
third parties. The remaining portion of the office building may be leased to third parties; however
 there can be no assurance that we will be able to lease the unoccupied space. Further capital expenditures will likely be necessary to lease all of
the remaining space. 



The Elgin Warehouse Building (part of the Elgin Site) was acquired in April 2005 and was modified to our specifications. The Elgin Warehouse Building is the home of our
corporate headquarters
b. Manufacturing
Capability
 Utilization
Our principal production facilities are equipped with modern processing and packaging
The Elgin Site was designed to our specifications with what we believe to be state-of-the-art equipment. The layout
is designed to efficiently move products from raw storage to processing to packaging to distribution. The Elgin Site was designed to minimize the risk of cross contamination between tree nuts and peanuts. Also
 the Elgin Site is designed to
The Selma facility contains our automated pecan shelling and bulk packaging
operation. The facility&#146;s pecan shelling production lines currently have the capacity to shell in excess of 90&nbsp;million inshell pounds of pecans annually. During fiscal 2013
 we processed approximately 39&nbsp;million inshell pounds of
The Bainbridge facility is located in the largest peanut producing region in the United States. This facility
takes direct delivery of farmer stock peanuts and cleans
 shells
 sizes
 inspects
 blanches
 roasts and packages them for sale to our customers. The production line at the Bainbridge facility is almost entirely automated and has the capacity to
shell approximately 120&nbsp;million inshell pounds of peanuts annually. During fiscal 2013


 the Garysburg facility processed approximately
The Gustine facility is used for walnut shelling
 processing
 warehousing and distribution. This
facility has the capacity to shell in excess of 60&nbsp;million inshell pounds of walnuts annually. During fiscal 2013
 the Gustine facility shelled approximately 44&nbsp;million inshell pounds of walnuts. 
The Bainbridge
 Garysburg
 Selma
 and Gustine facilities are equipped to handle the processing
 packaging
 warehousing and distribution
 and in the case
of our Bainbridge and Garysburg facilities
 the purchasing of nuts. Furthermore
 at our Elgin Site
 we process
 package
 warehouse and distribute nuts. We currently have more than sufficient capacity at our facilities to handle the aforementioned


 proceedings and other matters arising out of the conduct of our business. Currently
 it is management&#146;s opinion that the ultimate resolution of these matters will
not have a material adverse effect upon our business
 financial condition
For a discussion of our legal
proceedings
 investigations
 settlements and other contingencies
 see &#147;Note 7&#151;Commitments and Contingent Liabilities&#148; in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II
 Item&nbsp;8 of this Form 10-K. 


 


 
Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K and Instruction 3 to Item&nbsp;401(b) of Regulation S-K
 the following executive officer description
information is included as an unnumbered item in Part I of this Report in lieu of being included in the Proxy Statement for our annual meeting of stockholders to be held on October&nbsp;30
 2013. Below are our executive officers as of
August&nbsp;28
Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Chief Executive Officer
 age 50 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo has been employed by us since
1991 and in November 2006 was named our Chief Executive Officer. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo served as our Executive Vice President Sales and Marketing from January 2001 to November 2006. He served as our Senior Vice President Sales and Marketing from
August 1999 to January 2001. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo has been a member of our Board of Directors since August 1999. He served as General Manager West Coast Operations from September 1991 to September 1993. He served as Vice President West Coast
Operations and Sales from October 1993 to September 1995


 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary
 age 54 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Valentine has been employed by us since 1987. In November 2006
 Mr.&nbsp;Valentine was named our
Chief Financial Officer and Group President and
 in May 2007
 Mr.&nbsp;Valentine was named our Secretary. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as our Executive Vice President Finance
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary from January 2001 to November 2006.
Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as our Senior Vice President and Secretary from August 1999 to January 2001. He has been a member of our Board of Directors since April 1997. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as our Vice President and Secretary from December 1995
to August 1999. He served as an Assistant Secretary and the General Manager of External Operations for us from June 1987 and 1990
 respectively
 to December 1995. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine&#146;s responsibilities also include peanut
 imported nut and other
Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Chief Operating Officer
 President and Assistant
Secretary
 age 45 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo has been employed by us since 1992. In November 2006
 Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo was named our Chief Operating Officer and President and
 in May 2007
 Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo was named our Treasurer and held
that position until January 2009. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo served as our Executive Vice President Operations
 retaining his position as Assistant Secretary
 which he assumed in December 1995 from 2001 to November 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo became a member
of our Board of Directors in December 2003. He became our Senior Vice President Operations in August 1999 and served as Vice President Operations from December 1995 to August 1999. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo was the General Manager of our
Gustine
 California facility beginning in October 1995
 and from June 1992 to October 1995 he served as Assistant Treasurer and worked in our Financial Relations Department. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo is responsible for overseeing our non-peanut shelling
operations
James A. Valentine
 Chief Information Officer
 age 49 &#151;
Mr.&nbsp;Valentine has been employed by us since 1986 and in November 2006 was named our Chief Information Officer. He served as our Executive Vice President Information Technology from August 2001 to November 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as


 Senior Vice President
 Corporate Operations
 age 60 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Cannon joined us in October 2005 as Senior Vice President of Operations. Previously
 he was Vice President of
Operations at Sugar Foods Corp.
 a manufacturer and distributor of food products
 from 1995 to October 2005. Mr.&nbsp;Cannon is responsible for the production operations for all of our facilities. 
Thomas J. Fordonski
 Senior Vice President
 Human Resources
 age 60 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Fordonski joined us in August
 2007 as Vice President of Human
Resources and was promoted to Senior Vice President of Human Resources in January 2010.&nbsp;Previously
 he was Director of Human Resources for Continental AG
 a German-based global manufacturer of electronic automotive equipment.&nbsp;Prior to
that
 Mr.&nbsp;Fordonski was at Motorola
 Incorporated for 25 years
 with his career culminating as the Director of Human Resources for the global supply chain in the messaging and cellular communications business.&nbsp;He is responsible for leading
the human resources activities and functions. 
 


Walter (Bobby) Tankersley Jr.
 Senior Vice President
 Procurement and Commodity Risk Management
 age
61 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Tankersley has been employed by us since January 2002 and was named Senior Vice President of Procurement and Commodity Risk Management in January 2011. Previously
 Mr.&nbsp;Tankersley was Senior Vice President of Industrial Sales.
He has over 30 years of experience in the nut industry where he was previously Vice President of Sales&nbsp;&amp; Marketing at the Young Pecan Company and Director of Industrial Sales at the Mauna Loa Macadamia Nut Company. Mr.&nbsp;Tankersley is
responsible for procurement of almonds
 walnuts
 macadamias and pistachios as well as providing commodity analysis
 crop forecasts


 Senior Vice President
 Finance and Corporate Controller
 age 39 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Pellegrino joined us in January 2007 as Director of Accounting and was appointed Corporate
Controller in September 2007. In January 2009
 he was named Vice President Finance and Corporate Controller. In August 2012
 he was promoted to Senior Vice President
 Finance. Previously
 Mr.&nbsp;Pellegrino was Internal Audit Manager at W.W.
Grainger
 a business-to-business distributor
 from June 2003 to January 2007. Prior to that
 he was a Manager in the Assurance Practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 where he was employed from 1996 to 2003. Mr.&nbsp;Pellegrino is responsible for
Christopher Gardier
 Senior Vice President
 Consumer Sales
 age
53&nbsp;&#151;&nbsp;Mr.&nbsp;Gardier joined us in May&nbsp;2010 as Vice President
 Consumer Sales. In August 2012
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was promoted to Senior Vice President
 Consumer Sales. Previously
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was the Vice President Sales for
the Snacks Division at The Hain Celestial Group
 where he led a national sales team of eight regional managers selling natural and organic salty snack brands. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was a Customer Vice President
 Central Region at
Pepperidge Farm for six years
 where he led a team of independent biscuit and bakery distributors covering 13 Midwestern states. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was a Director of National Accounts at Frito Lay for almost five years
 where he led a
sales and operations team responsible for the mass merchandising channel. Mr.&nbsp;Gardier is responsible for leading our Consumer Sales efforts
 including our 


 a director and former Chairman of the Board of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the father of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr. and Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 executive officers and directors of the
Company
 (ii)&nbsp;the brother-in-law of Mathias A. Valentine
 a director of the Company and (iii)&nbsp;the uncle of Michael J. Valentine
 an executive officer and a director of the Company and James A. Valentine
 an executive officer of the
Mathias A. Valentine
 a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the father of Michael J. Valentine
 an executive officer and director
of the Company
 and James A. Valentine
 an executive officer of the Company
 (ii)&nbsp;the brother-in-law of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 a director of the Company and (iii)&nbsp;the uncle of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr. and Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 executive
Michael J. Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary and a director of the
Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the son of Mathias A. Valentine
 (ii)&nbsp;the brother of James A. Valentine
 (iii)&nbsp;the nephew of Jasper B. Sanfilippo and (iv)&nbsp;the cousin of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr. and Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo. 
Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the son of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 (ii)&nbsp;the brother of
Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.


 Jr.
 Chief Operating Officer
 President and a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the son of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 (ii)&nbsp;the brother of Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 (iii)&nbsp;the
James A. Valentine
 Chief Information
Officer
 is (i)&nbsp;the son of Mathias A. Valentine
 (ii)&nbsp;the brother of Michael J Valentine
 (iii)&nbsp;the nephew of Jasper B. Sanfilippo and (iv)&nbsp;the cousin of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr. and Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo. 
Timothy R.&nbsp;Donovan
 a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;a nephew by marriage of Jasper B. Sanfilippo and Mathias A. Valentine
 directors of the
Company and (ii)&nbsp;the first cousin by marriage of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Michael J. Valentine and James A. Valentine
 executive officers and certain of whom are also directors of the Company. 
 



<FONT

 rounded up to the nearest whole
number
 and the holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock are entitled to elect the remaining directors. With respect to matters other than the election of directors or any matters for which class voting is required by law
 the holders of Common Stock are
entitled to one vote per share while the holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock are entitled to ten votes per share. Our Class&nbsp;A Stock is not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and there is no established public trading market for the
Class&nbsp;A Stock. However
 each share of Class&nbsp;A Stock is convertible at the option of the holder at any time and from time to time (and
 upon the occurrence of certain events specified in our Restated Certificate of Incorporation
Our Common Stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market and our trading symbol
is &#147;JBSS&#148;. The following tables set forth
 for the quarters indicated
 the high and low reported sales prices for the Common Stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 















Common&nbsp;
Stock


Year Ended June 27
 2013




























































Common&nbsp;
Stock


Year Ended June 28
 2012






















































The graph below compares our cumulative five-year total stockholder return on our Common Stock with the cumulative total
returns of the Russell 2000 Consumer Staples Index and the Russell 2000 Index. The graph tracks the performance of a $100 investment in our Common Stock
 in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from June&nbsp;27
 2008 to June&nbsp;27
2013. 
 


 
Among John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc.
 the Russell 2000 Index
 



 



$100 invested on 6/27/08 in stock or index


graph shall not be deemed to be &#147;soliciting material&#148; or to be &#147;filed&#148; with the Commission
 nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act
 except to
As of August&nbsp;16
 2013 there were 54 holders and 17
holders of record of our Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock
Under our Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 the Class&nbsp;A
Stock and the Common Stock are entitled to share equally on a share for share basis in any dividends declared by the Board of Directors on our common equity. However
 our current financing agreements prohibit (except as consented to by our lenders)
the payment of dividends other than in the form of Common Stock. See Part II
 Item&nbsp;7 &#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#151; Liquidity and Capital Resources &#151; Financing
On December&nbsp;10
 2012
 our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend for the first time since 1995. A $1.00 special
cash dividend was paid to holders of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock on December&nbsp;28
For purposes of the calculation of the
aggregate market value of our voting stock held by non-affiliates as set forth on the cover page of this Report
 we did not consider any of the siblings of Jasper B. Sanfilippo or Mathias A. Valentine
 or any of the lineal descendants of either
Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Mathias A. Valentine or such siblings (other than those who are our executive officers or who have formed a group within the meaning of Section&nbsp;13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the
&#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
 with either Jasper B. Sanfilippo or Mathias A. Valentine) as an affiliate. See &#147;Review of Related Party Transactions&#148; and &#147;Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management&#148; contained in
our Proxy Statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting and &#147;Relationships Among Certain Directors and Executive Officers&#148; appearing immediately before Part II of this Report. 
 


 
The following table sets forth information as of June&nbsp;27
 2013
 with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance pursuant to equity




















issued
upon



options

and


available for
future





115
250








664








215
294








180























Under our 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
 as amended
 a total of 664
915 equity based stock awards are available for distribution
 180
040 of which may be used for grants
of Common Stock
 restricted stock and restricted stock units. 
 




 2013
&nbsp;June&nbsp;28
 2012
 June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2011
 June&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2010 and June&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2009
were derived from our consolidated financial statements. The financial data should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
 which are included elsewhere herein
 and with Item&nbsp;7 &#151;
&#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148;. The information below is not necessarily indicative of the results of future operations. 
(dollars in thousands
 except per share data) 
































June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;24



June&nbsp;25






734
334



700
575



674
212



561
633



553
846





614
372



593
521



590
021



466
847



481
447



























119
962



107
054



84
191



94
786



72
399





78
343



74
081



68
273



65
114



57
150


Restructuring expenses
 net
































5
662



































41
619



32
973



10
256



29
672



15
581





4
754



5
364



6
444



5
653



7
646


Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net


1
569



1
388



1
026



1
147



1
277



























35
296



26
221



2
786



22
872



6
658





13
536



9
099







8
447































21
760



17
122



2
835



14
425



6
917





















































































































June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;24



June&nbsp;25






114
992



87
110



65
337



49
149



52
701





374
744



371
727



351
788



358
281



322
699


Long-term debt
 less current maturities


33
665



36
206



42
430



42
680



49
016





74
222



94
778



101
224



98
666



93
938





215
304



201
013



183
707



179
894



165
499


 


Item&nbsp;7 &#151; Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements. Our fiscal year ends on the final Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists of fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week quarters). However
 the year ended June&nbsp;30
 2011 consisted of fifty-three weeks
 as
our fourth quarter contained fourteen weeks. Where applicable
 we present material changes which result from the additional week in the fiscal 2011 period. Additional information on the comparability of the periods presented is as follows:






References herein to fiscal 2014 are to the fiscal year ending June&nbsp;26
 2014. 






References herein to fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011 are to the fiscal years ended June&nbsp;27
 2013
&nbsp;June&nbsp;28
 2012 and
June&nbsp;30
 2011
As used herein
 unless the context otherwise indicates
 the terms &#147;Company&#148;
&#147;we&#148;
 &#147;us&#148;
 &#147;our&#148; or &#147;the Company&#148; refer collectively to John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. and our two wholly-owned subsidiaries
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC and JBSS Ventures
 LLC. Our Credit Facility and
Mortgage Facility
 as defined below
We are one of the
leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts

 Sunshine Country

 and in most cases manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 sunflower seeds
dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under private brands and brand names. We distribute our products in the consumer
 commercial ingredients
 contract packaging and export distribution channels. 
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013 we updated our strategic plan (the &#147;Strategic Plan&#148;) the goal of which is to drive profitable growth.
Our long-term goals include: 




Growing Fisher and Orchard Valley Harvest into leading nut brands by focusing on consumers demanding quality nuts in the snacking
 recipe and produce categories





Expanding globally and building our Company into a leading premium international snack nut company
 and 






We continue to execute portions of this strategy. We were recently recognized as the &#147;supplier of the year&#148; by two significant private brand
customers
 one of which is our largest. In addition
 brand business in China with recent changes in our distributor network and progress in establishing structures to support our business there for the
 recipe nut and snack nut products increased significantly during fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012. This growth was achieved through a combination of new marketing and advertising programs
increased sales to existing customers and distribution to new recipe nut customers. Finally
 during the fourth quarter
 sales volume and sales dollars compared to the same period last
We face a number of challenges in the future. Specific challenges
 among others
 include: high tree nut commodity costs
(including as a result of increased demand for pecans and walnuts in China) and intensified competition for market share from both private brand and name brand nut products. We will continue to focus on seeking profitable business opportunities to
 brand and to develop new products for all product lines.
brand will be aided by more
consistent commodity prices for peanuts
 pecans and cashews in fiscal 2014. In general
 while tree nut market prices are expected to remain higher than historical averages
 we have seen a meaningful overall price decrease for nut commodities during
fiscal 2013. We will continue to face the ongoing challenges specific to our business such as food safety and regulatory issues and the maintenance and growth of our customer base. See the information referenced in Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151;
&#147;Risk Factors&#148; of this report for additional information about our risks
 challenges and uncertainties. 
 


 





Our net sales for fiscal 2013 increased by $33.8 million
 or 4.8%
 to $734.3 million from net sales of $700.6 million for fiscal 2012.






Gross profit increased by $12.9 million and our gross profit margin
 as a percentage of net sales
 increased to 16.3% from 15.3% for fiscal 2012.






Total operating expenses for fiscal 2013 increased by $4.3 million to 10.7% of net sales from 10.6% of net sales in fiscal 2012.



























The total value of inventories on hand at the end of fiscal 2013 increased by $12.3 million
 or 8.4%
 in comparison to the total value of inventories
Acquisition costs for tree nuts
 with the exception of walnuts and almonds
 have
decreased in the 2012 crop year (which falls into our 2013 fiscal year)
 but acquisition costs still remain at levels that are significantly higher than historical averages. While we completed our procurement of the current year crop of inshell
walnuts during the second quarter of fiscal 2013
 the total payments to our walnut growers were not determined until the third quarter of fiscal 2013
 which is typical. The final prices paid to the walnut growers were based upon current market
prices and other factors
 such as crop quality. At June&nbsp;27
Peanut market prices have
decreased during the 2012 crop year. Peanut market prices were extremely high for the 2011 crop due to reduced acreage
 reduced yields caused by drought conditions in the majority of the peanut growing areas in the United States and the poor quality
of the 2010 crop carryover stocks. The major domestic peanut growing areas did not experience drought conditions for the 2012 crop year
 and planted acreage and yields increased significantly which has led to a record crop. We observed consumer
demand for peanuts returning back to historical levels as peanut prices declined. 
The following table sets forth the percentage relationship of certain items to net sales for the periods indicated and the percentage increase or decrease
of such items from fiscal 2013 to fiscal 2012 and from fiscal 2012 to fiscal 2011. 











































vs.
2012


vs.
2011


























































































 




$700.6 million for fiscal 2012. Sales volume (measured as pounds sold to customers) increased by 4.3% for fiscal 2013 in comparison to sales volume for fiscal 2012. The increase in net sales was primarily attributable to the aforementioned sales
volume increase
 specifically
 snack and recipe nuts and private brand snack nuts to both new and existing customers. The increase in sales volume was also attributable to the favorable impact of lower selling
The following table shows a comparison of net sales by
distribution channel (dollars in thousands): 























436
228



418
699





177
774



176
611





85
940



70
388





34
392



34
877















734
334



700
575















Sales of branded products were approximately 30% and 29% of total consumer channel sales during fiscal 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 
The following summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of total gross sales. The information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
because certain adjustments from gross sales to net sales
 such as promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product type. 













































































































For both fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 the largest component of the &#147;Other&#148; product type was trail and snack
Net sales in the consumer distribution channel increased by 4.2% in dollars and 2.9% in sales volume in
 brand sales volume increased by 16.5% in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012 due primarily to higher sales to existing customers and approximately $8.5 million in sales to new recipe nut
 recipe nuts continue to gain significant market share in the overall recipe nut category. Private brand consumer sales volume increased by 3.1% in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012.
Additionally
 sales volume for both private brand and branded nut products were favorably impacted by an increase in consumer demand for nuts and nut products due to lower selling prices during the second half of fiscal 2013. 
Net sales in the commercial ingredients distribution channel increased by 0.7% in dollars and 3.7% in sales volume in fiscal 2013 compared fiscal 2012.
The sales volume increase was primarily due to increased sales of peanut and pecan products from lower selling prices and increased almond sales as a result of distribution gains achieved by a major existing customer. 
 


Net sales in the contract packaging distribution channel increased by 22.1% in dollars and 14.4% in sales
volume in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012. The increase in sales dollars and sales volume was primarily due to new snack mix product launches and increased promotional activity implemented by a major existing customer during fiscal 2013.
Net sales in the export distribution channel decreased 1.4% in dollars and 3.9% in sales volume in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012. The
decrease in sales volume was due primarily to the unfavorable impact on customer demand of higher peanut prices that existed in the first two quarters of fiscal 2013 which was not offset by increased demand in the last two quarters of fiscal 2013.
Gross
profit increased 12.1% to $120.0 million in fiscal 2013 from $107.1 million in fiscal 2012. Our gross profit margin increased to 16.3% of net sales for fiscal 2013 from 15.3% for fiscal 2012. The increases in gross profit and gross profit margin are
primarily due to improved alignment of selling prices with commodity acquisition costs that occurred in the first half of fiscal 2013 combined with efficiency improvements within the manufacturing process that were achieved in the second half of

<FONT

 an increase of $2.0 million
 or 4.5%
 over the amount recorded for fiscal 2012 due primarily to a $2.0 million increase in marketing and advertising
expenses to support our branded products and a $0.4 million increase in compensation related expense. This increase in selling expenses for fiscal 2013 was partially offset by a $0.7 million decrease in broker commissions due primarily to a change
Administrative expenses for fiscal 2013 were $31.2 million
 an increase of $2.2 million
 or 7.7%
 from the amount recorded
for fiscal 2012 due primarily to (i)&nbsp;a $1.5 million increase in consulting and other professional services
 (ii)&nbsp;a $0.6 million increase in compensation related expense
 and (iii)&nbsp;a $0.3 million increase in depreciation and


 our income from our
operations was $41.6 million
 or 5.7% of net sales
 for fiscal 2013
 compared to $33.0 million
 or 4.7% of net sales
 for fiscal 2012. 
Interest


Net rental and miscellaneous expense was $1.6
million for fiscal 2013 compared to $1.4 million for fiscal 2012. 
Income tax expense was $13.5 million
 or 38.3% of income before income taxes
 for fiscal 2013 compared to $9.1 million
 or 34.7% of income before income
taxes for fiscal 2012. The increase in the effective tax rate of fiscal 2013 is mainly due to the impact of a full valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets that were created as a result of our equity investment in
 and sale of
intellectual property rights to an unconsolidated variable interest entity. 
Net income was $21.8 million
 or $2.00 basic and $1.98 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2013
 compared to $17.1 million
 or $1.60 basic and $1.58
diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2012
 due to the factors discussed above. 
 




$674.2 million for fiscal 2011. Sales volume (measured as pounds sold to customers) decreased by 8.7% for fiscal 2012 in comparison to sales volume for fiscal 2011. The comparisons for both net sales and sales volume are affected by fiscal 2011
containing one extra week than fiscal 2012. Approximately 21% of the sales volume decrease in the yearly comparison was attributable to the additional week in fiscal 2011. The increase in net sales was primarily attributable to price increases
implemented in response to rising tree nut and peanut acquisition costs. The decline in sales volume was mainly attributable to the unfavorable impact of high cashew
 pecan
 walnut
 mixed nut and peanut prices on consumer demand. 

























418
699



414
486





176
611



160
817





70
388



64
025





34
877



34
884















700
575



674
212















Sales of branded products were approximately 29% and 31% of total consumer channel sales during fiscal 2012 and 2011
 respectively 
The following summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of total gross sales. The information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
because certain adjustments
 such as promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product type. 













































































































For both fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 the largest component of the &#147;Other&#148; product type was trail and snack
Net sales in the consumer distribution channel increased by 1.0% in dollars
 but decreased 12.7% in sales
 brand
sales volume decreased by 17.5% in fiscal 2012 compared to fiscal 2011
 recipe and snack nut business. However
 recipe nuts have gained significant
market share in the overall recipe nut category. Sales volume for both private brand and branded nut products were negatively affected by a decrease in consumer demand for nuts and nut products due to higher selling prices caused by higher commodity
acquisition costs. Sales volume
 as measured in pounds sold to customers
 also decreased due to the extra week in fiscal 2011 and a reduction in individual package sizes to lessen the impact of price increases. 
Net sales in the commercial ingredients distribution channel increased by 9.8% in dollars
 but decreased 2.3% in sales volume in fiscal 2012 compared
fiscal 2011. In addition to the effect of the extra week in fiscal 2011
 the sales volume decrease was primarily due to lower pecan and walnut sales mainly from a limited supply of pecans and walnuts available for the commercial ingredients
distribution channel
 offset partially by both higher almond butter sales to a food manufacturer and higher peanut butter sales. 
 


Net sales in the contract packaging distribution channel increased by 9.9% in dollars and 2.8% in sales
volume in fiscal 2012 compared to fiscal 2011 notwithstanding the extra week in fiscal 2011. The sales volume increase was primarily due to providing new roasting services to an existing customer during fiscal 2012. 
Net sales in the export distribution channel were virtually unchanged in dollars and decreased 18.1% in sales volume in fiscal 2012 compared to fiscal
2011. The decrease in sales volume was due primarily to the loss a major export retail customer who elected not to accept price increases
 a limited supply of walnuts available for the export distribution channel and the effect of the extra week in


increases in gross profit and gross profit margin are primarily due to improved alignment of selling prices with commodity acquisition costs of tree nuts in fiscal 2012 compared to fiscal 2011. We also incurred $0.8 million in moving expenses in
relocating the Orchard Valley Harvest (&#147;OVH&#148;) operations to our locations in Gustine
 California and Elgin
 Illinois in fiscal 2011. This relocation has resulted in additional manufacturing efficiencies during fiscal 2012. 
Selling and
Selling expenses for fiscal
2012 were $45.1 million
 an increase of $0.7 million
 or 1.7%
 over the amount recorded for fiscal 2011 due primarily to (i)&nbsp;a $3.1 million increase in incentive compensation expense
 $0.7 million of which relates to the estimated forfeiture in
fiscal 2011 of amounts previously accrued for incentive compensation during fiscal 2010 and (ii)&nbsp;a $1.1 million increase in marketing and promotional expenses. This increase in selling expenses for fiscal 2012 was partially offset by (i)&nbsp;a
$2.1 million decrease in freight expense due to lower sales volume and a change in customer mix and (ii)&nbsp;a $0.9 million decrease in broker commissions due primarily to a change in customer mix. 
Administrative expenses for fiscal 2012 were $29.0 million
 an increase of $5.1 million
 or 21.2%
 from the amount recorded for fiscal 2011 due primarily
to (i)&nbsp;a $6.6 million increase in incentive compensation expense
 $1.6 million of which relates to the estimated forfeiture in fiscal 2011 of amounts previously accrued for incentive compensation during fiscal 2010
 (ii)&nbsp;a $0.8 increase in
OVH related amortization expense and (iii)&nbsp;a $1.1 million settlement benefit related to the fiscal 2009 pistachio recall recognized during fiscal 2011. This increase in administrative expenses was partially offset by (i)&nbsp;$1.7 million of
fair value adjustment recorded within administrative expense in fiscal 2011 related to the OVH earn-out liability
 (ii)&nbsp;$2.0 million of litigation accruals recorded during fiscal 2011 and (iii)&nbsp;a $0.7 million write down of machinery and
equipment related to the OVH relocation from Modesto
 CA during fiscal 2011
 none of which recurred in 2012. Also
 operating expenses for fiscal 2011 included goodwill impairment of $5.7 million related to the OVH acquisition. 
Due to
the factors discussed above
 our income from our operations was $33.0 million
 or 4.7% of net sales
 for fiscal 2012
 compared to $10.3 million
 or 1.5% of net sales




Net rental and miscellaneous expense was $1.4
million for fiscal 2012 compared to $1.0 million for fiscal 2011. 
 




 or 34.7% of income before income taxes
 for fiscal 2012 compared to income tax benefit of $0.05 million
 or (1.8%)&nbsp;of income before income taxes for fiscal 2011.
The impact of the rate reconciling items for fiscal 2011 is greater than fiscal 2012 primarily because income before income taxes was lower in fiscal year 2011. The 2011 effective tax rate was impacted by the following: (i)&nbsp;$0.5 million
favorable impact of state tax benefits due to favorable resolution of state tax audit
 expected utilization of state investment tax credits
 state tax rate changes and other tax provision adjustments; (ii)&nbsp;$0.2 million favorable impact due to
recognizing current year research and development credit and reinstatement of the prior year credit; (iii)&nbsp;$0.3 million favorable impact related to the domestic production activities deduction which increased to 9% in 2011 from 6% in 2010; and
(iv)&nbsp;$0.1 million favorable impact due to a lower level of current year federal taxable income which is taxed at 34%. Consequently
 we recognized a $0.05 million income tax benefit for fiscal 2011 despite reporting income before income taxes of


 or $1.60 basic and $1.58 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2012
 compared to $2.8 million
 or $0.27 basic and $0.26 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2011
 due to the


 fulfill
contractual obligations
 make capital improvements
 pursue our Strategic Plan and repay indebtedness. Also
 various uncertainties could result in additional uses of cash. The primary sources of cash are results of operations and availability under
our Credit Agreement
 dated February&nbsp;7
 2008 that provides a revolving loan commitment and letter of credit subfacility (as amended
 the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;). We anticipate that expected net cash flow generated from operations and
amounts available pursuant to the Credit Facility will be sufficient to fund our operations for the next twelve months. Increases in our available credit under our Credit Facility due to our improved financial performance in the past have allowed us
to consummate the OVH acquisition in fiscal 2010
 devote more funds to promote our products
 brands)
 pay a one-time special cash dividend in December 2012
 and explore other growth
strategies outlined in our Strategic Plan
Cash flows
from operating activities have historically been driven by net income but are also significantly influenced by inventory requirements
 which can change based upon fluctuations in both quantities and market prices of the various nuts and nut products
 Cash
provided by operating activities was $35.8 million for fiscal 2013
 an increase of $19.9 million compared to fiscal 2012. This improvement is due primarily to improved operating results and the positive cash flow impact of changes in certain working
capital items; primarily accounts receivable and inventory. The accounts receivable improvement was a result of favorable changes of $11.2 million from fiscal 2012. Our nut commodity purchases were $12.8 million lower during fiscal 2013 than fiscal
2012 due mainly to lower nut acquisition costs among several nut commodities
Total inventories were $158.7
million at June&nbsp;27
 2013
 an increase of $12.3 million
 or 8.4%
 from the inventory balance at June&nbsp;28
 2012. This increase is due primarily to an $8.3 million increase in finished good inventory to support increasing sales volume
 and an
The weighted average cost per pound of raw nut input stocks on hand at June&nbsp;27
 2013
decreased by 18.8% compared to the weighted average cost per pound of raw nut input stocks on hand at June&nbsp;28
 2012. Pounds of raw nut input stocks on hand at the end of June&nbsp;27
 2013 increased by 8.9&nbsp;million pounds or 23.6% when
compared to the quantity of raw nut input stocks on hand at June&nbsp;28
 2012. The weighted average cost per pound of finished goods on hand at June&nbsp;27
 2013 decreased by 12.7% over the weighted average cost per pound of finished goods on hand
at June&nbsp;28
 2012
 and pounds of finished goods on hand increased by 20.9% to support increasing sales volume. 
 


Cash provided by operating activities was $15.9 million in fiscal 2012
 an increase of $8.7 million compared
to fiscal 2011. This improvement is due primarily to improved operating results
 partially offset by the negative working capital impact of increased accounts receivable and inventory. The $10.8 million increase in accounts receivable is due largely
to higher dollar sales in the month of June 2012 than in the month of June 2011. Our nut commodity purchases were $12.4 million higher during fiscal 2012 than fiscal 2011 due mainly to higher nut acquisition costs among several nut commodities
Challenging economic conditions and increased commodity costs may adversely impact demand for consumer
products. These conditions could
 among other things
 have a material adverse effect on the cash received from our operations. See Part I


 which was mostly attributable to $7.2 million of capital expenditures. Partially offsetting this use
of cash was $1.0 million of proceeds from the disposition of assets
 primarily the sale of real property where we operated a retail store. 
Cash used in investing activities was $7.2 million in fiscal 2012
 which was mostly attributable to $7.5 million of capital expenditures. Partially
Cash used in investing activities was $5.2 million for
We expect total capital expenditures for equipment upgrades
 facility
maintenance and food safety enhancements for&nbsp;fiscal 2014 to be approximately&nbsp;$11 million.&nbsp;Absent any material acquisitions or other significant investments
 we believe that cash on hand
 combined with cash provided by operations and
borrowings available under&nbsp;the Credit Facility
 will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements for&nbsp;capital expenditures. 
 Cash used in financing activities was $31.0 million during fiscal 2013. We paid a $10.9 million special dividend in
December
 2012. We repaid $6.6 million of long-term debt during fiscal 2013
 $2.8 million of which was related to the Mortgage Facility (as defined below) and $3.3 million was related to the repayment of the former industrial development bonds
associated with our Bainbridge facility. The net decrease in borrowings outstanding under our Credit Facility was $14.0 million during fiscal 2013 which occurred mainly due to improved operating results. 
Cash used in financing activities was $7.6 million during fiscal 2012. We repaid $4.3 million of long-term debt during fiscal 2012
 $3.0 million of which
was related to the Mortgage Facility. The net decrease in borrowings outstanding under our Credit Facility was $2.1 million during fiscal 2012. This decrease in short-term borrowings under our Credit Facility occurred primarily due to improved
Cash used in financing activities was $2.2 million during fiscal 2011. We repaid $5.3 million of long-term debt during
fiscal 2011
 $3.3 million of which was related to the Mortgage Facility. We also paid $4.1 million in contingent consideration related to the 2010 acquisition of OVH. The net increase in borrowings outstanding under our Credit Facility was $7.5


 we completed the consolidation of our Chicago-based
facilities into the Elgin Site. As part of the facility consolidation project
 on April&nbsp;15
 2005
 we closed on the $48.0 million purchase of the Elgin Site. The Elgin Site includes both an office building and a warehouse
 and afforded us
increased production and processing capacity
 such that we continue to offer our services to existing and new customers on an expanded basis. We are currently attempting to find additional tenants for available space in the office building at the
Elgin Site. Until tenant(s) are found
 we will not receive the benefit of rental income associated with such space. Approximately 71% of the office building is currently vacant. There can be no assurance that we will be able to lease the unoccupied
space and further capital expenditures may be necessary to lease the remaining space
 including the space previously rented by the seller of the Elgin Site. 
 


On March&nbsp;28
 2006
 our wholly-owned subsidiary JBSS Properties
 LLC acquired title by quitclaim deed to
the site that was originally purchased in Elgin
 Illinois (the &#147;Old Elgin Site&#148;) for our facility consolidation project and also entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the &#147;Agreement&#148;) with the City of Elgin (the
&#147;City&#148;). In the third quarter of fiscal 2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its properties and agreements to JBSS Real Estate
 LLC. Under the terms of the Agreement
 the City assigned to us the City&#146;s remaining rights and
obligations under a development agreement entered into by and among the Company
 certain related party partnerships
 and the City (the &#147;Development Agreement&#148;). The Mortgage Facility is secured
 in part
 by the Old Elgin Site. We must
obtain the consent of the Mortgage Lender (as defined below) prior to the sale of the Old Elgin Site. Also
 the State of Illinois
 the original owner of the Old Elgin Site that sold it to the City
 has the option to repurchase the Old Elgin Site. We
currently have an agreed upon sales contract for the assets located at the Old Elgin Site and the State of Illinois has waived its repurchase option. We expect the sales proceeds to exceed the carrying value of these assets. A portion of the Old
Elgin Site contains an office building (which we began renting to a third-party during the third quarter of fiscal 2007) that will likely be included in any future sale. We incurred $6.8 million of gross costs under the Development Agreement
 and
had carrying values of $6.2 million at both June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28
 2012. These costs are recorded as &#147;Assets held for sale&#148; at June&nbsp;27
 2013 and &#147;Rental investment property&#148; at June&nbsp;28
 2012. 
On
February&nbsp;7
 2008
 we entered into the Credit Facility with a bank group (the &#147;Bank Lenders&#148;) providing a $117.5 million revolving loan commitment and letter of credit subfacility. Also on February&nbsp;7
 2008
 we entered into a Loan
Agreement with an insurance company (the &#147;Mortgage Lender&#148;) providing us with two term loans
 one in the amount of $36.0 million (&#147;Tranche A&#148;) and the other in the amount of $9.0 million (&#147;Tranche B&#148;)
 for an aggregate


 as amended
 is secured by substantially all our assets other than real property and fixtures. The Mortgage Facility is secured by mortgages on essentially all of our owned real
property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina (the &#147;Encumbered Properties&#148;). The encumbered Elgin
 Illinois real property includes almost all of the Old Elgin Site that was purchased prior to our
On July&nbsp;15
 2011
 we entered into the Second Amendment to the Credit
Facility which extended the maturity date of the Credit Facility from February&nbsp;7
 2013 to July&nbsp;15
 2016. In addition
 the Second Amendment increased the amount by which we may increase the revolving borrowing capacity available under the
Credit Facility from $15.0 million to $22.5 million. On October&nbsp;31
 2011
 we entered into a Third Amendment to the Credit Facility (the &#147;Third Amendment&#148;). The Third Amendment permits an additional 5% of outstanding accounts
receivable from a major customer to be included as eligible in the borrowing base calculation
 and the Third Amendment also made technical modifications to definitions. On January&nbsp;22
 2013
 we entered into a Consent and Fourth Amendment to the
The portion of
the borrowing base calculation under the Credit Facility based upon machinery and equipment will decrease by $1.5 million per year for the first five years to coincide with amortization of the machinery and equipment collateral. As of June&nbsp;27
2013
 the weighted average interest rate for the Credit Facility was 2.23%. The terms of the Credit Facility contain covenants that require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions and certain sales of assets
cash dividends
 redemptions of capital stock and prepayment of indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among other things
 is of a subordinate debt). If loan availability under the borrowing base calculation falls below $25.0 million
 we will be required
to maintain a specified fixed charge coverage ratio
 tested on a monthly basis. All cash received from customers is required to be applied against the Credit Facility. The Bank Lenders are entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations
under the Credit Facility in the event of default on the payments required under the Credit Facility
 a change in control in the ownership of the Company
 non-compliance with the financial covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults
by us under the Credit Facility (including a default under the Mortgage Facility). As of June&nbsp;27
 2013
 we were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility and we currently expect to be in compliance with the financial covenant
in the Credit Facility for the foreseeable future. As of June&nbsp;27
 2013
 we had $81.6 million of available credit under the Credit Facility. We would still be in compliance with all restrictive covenants under the Credit Facility if this entire
amount were borrowed. 
 




 on March&nbsp;1
 2018 (the &#147;Tranche A Reset Date&#148;) and March&nbsp;1
 2014 and every two years thereafter
(each
 a &#147;Tranche B Reset Date&#148;)
 the&nbsp;Mortgage Lender&nbsp;may reset the interest rates for each of Tranche A and Tranche B
 respectively
 in its sole and absolute discretion. If the reset interest rate for either Tranche A or Tranche
B is unacceptable to us and we (i)&nbsp;do not have sufficient funds to repay amounts due with respect to Tranche A or Tranche B on the Tranche A Reset Date or Tranche B Reset Date
 in each case
 as applicable
 or (ii)&nbsp;are unable to refinance
amounts due with respect to Tranche A or Tranche B on the Tranche A Reset Date or Tranche B Reset Date
 in each case
 as applicable
 on terms more favorable than the reset interest rates
 then
 depending on the extent of the changes in the reset
interest rates
The Mortgage Facility matures on March&nbsp;1
 2023. Tranche A under the
Mortgage Facility accrues interest at a fixed interest rate of 7.63%&nbsp;per annum
 payable monthly. As mentioned above
 such interest rate may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on the Tranche A Reset Date. Monthly principal payments in the amount of
$0.2 million commenced on June&nbsp;1
 2008. Tranche B under the Mortgage Facility accrues interest
 as reset on March&nbsp;1
 2012
 at a floating rate of the greater of (i)&nbsp;one month LIBOR plus 4.00%&nbsp;per annum or (ii)&nbsp;5.00%
 payable
monthly (the &#147;Floating Rate&#148;). The margin on such Floating Rate may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on each Tranche B Reset Date; provided
 however
 that the Mortgage Lender may also change the underlying index on each Tranche B Reset Date
occurring on or after March&nbsp;1
 2016. Monthly principal payments in the amount of $0.1 million commenced on June&nbsp;1
 2008. We do not currently anticipate that any change in the Floating Rate or the underlying index will have a material
adverse effect upon our business
The terms of the Mortgage Facility contain covenants that
require us to maintain a specified net worth of $110.0 million and maintain the Encumbered Properties. The Mortgage Facility is secured
 in part
 by the Old Elgin Site which is currently under contract for sale. We must obtain the consent of the
Mortgage Lender prior to the sale of the Old Elgin Site. A portion of the Old Elgin Site contains an office building (which we began renting to a third-party during the third quarter of fiscal 2007) that will likely be included in any future sale
(assuming one were to occur). The Mortgage Lender is entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations under the Mortgage Facility in the event we default in the payments required under the Mortgage Facility
 non-compliance with the
covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of June&nbsp;27
 2013
 we were in compliance with all covenants under the Mortgage Facility. We currently believe that we will be in compliance with the
financial covenants in the Mortgage Facility for the foreseeable future and therefore $21.4 million has been classified as long-term debt which represents scheduled principal payments under Tranche A that are due at least twelve months beyond
June&nbsp;27
 2013. All $6.0 million outstanding under Tranche B is classified as short-term debt as of June&nbsp;27
 2013
 since the Mortgage Lender has the option to use proceeds of any sale of the site that was originally purchased by the Company
in Elgin
We financed the acquisition
 construction and equipping of our
Bainbridge
 Georgia facility (a peanut shelling plant) with industrial development bonds (the &#147;bonds&#148;) in 1987. On June&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2011
 we remarketed the bonds
 resetting the interest rate at 3.00% through May 2013
 and at a market rate
to be determined thereafter. We had the option
 subject to certain conditions
 to redeem the bonds at face value plus accrued interest
 if any. We exercised that option in June 2013 and fully redeemed the bonds by paying $3.3 million. As of
June&nbsp;27
 2013
In September 2006
 we sold our Selma
 Texas
properties (the &#147;Selma Properties&#148;) to two related party partnerships for $14.3 million and are leasing them back. The selling price was determined by an independent appraiser to be the fair market value which also approximated our
carrying value. The lease for the Selma Properties has a ten-year term at a fair market value rent with three five-year renewal options. Also
 we currently have an option to purchase the Selma Properties from the partnerships at 95% (100% in certain
circumstances) of the then fair market value
 but not less than the original $14.3 million purchase price. The provisions of the arrangement are not eligible for sale-leaseback accounting and the $14.3 million was recorded as a debt obligation. No
gain or loss was recorded on the Selma Properties transaction. As of June&nbsp;27
 2013
 $12.6 million of the debt obligation was outstanding. 
As of
June&nbsp;27
 2013
 we were not involved in any off-balance sheet arrangements
 as defined in Item&nbsp;303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation&nbsp;S-K promulgated by the SEC. 
 




 2013
 we had the following contractual cash obligations for long-term debt (including scheduled interest payments)
 capital leases
 operating leases
 the Credit Facility
 purchase
obligations and other long-term liabilities (amounts in this subsection in thousands): 













































67
597



13
892



10
599



9
867



33
239



























4
286



1
088



1
903



1
215









31
867



31
867


















160
314



160
314


















14
123







1
490



1
448



10
434



























278
207



207
931



13
993



12
530



43
753



























Interest obligations on floating rate debt instruments are calculated using interest rates in effect at June&nbsp;27
 2013. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for further detail on the Company&#146;s long-term debt obligations. 



The purchase obligations represent $160
314 of inventory purchases. 




Also
 as a licensed United States Department of Agriculture Nut Warehouse Operator
 to the extent we do not purchase peanut inventory
 we are responsible
for delivering the loan value of the peanut inventory in our possession as represented on the warehouse receipt to the holder of the warehouse receipt on demand. We are responsible for any decline in the value of the peanut inventory due to a
decline in quality or shrinkage. Based on current expectations and historical experience
 no amounts related to a potential decline in the value of peanut inventory are included in the schedule above. 


Financial Statements are applied in the preparation of our financial statements and accounting for the underlying transactions and balances. The policies discussed below are considered by our management to be critical for an understanding of our
financial statements because the application of these policies places the most significant demands on management&#146;s judgment
 with financial reporting results relying on estimation regarding the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.
Specific risks
 if applicable
 for these critical accounting policies are described in the following paragraphs. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting policies
 see Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities
 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates. See
&#147;Forward-Looking Statements&#148; below. 
 




 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured. We sell
our products under some arrangements
 which include customer contracts that fix the sales price for periods typically of up to one year for some commercial ingredient customers
 and through specific programs consisting of promotion allowances
volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer and some commercial ingredient users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the terms of specific arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of rebates and
promotion and marketing allowances. Revenues are also recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to return products
 past experience has demonstrated that


 which consist principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market which approximates actual cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at least quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of
pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds and other nuts may affect the value of inventory and gross profit and gross profit margin. When expected market sales prices move below costs
 we record adjustments to write down the carrying values of inventories
to the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market which approximates actual cost. The results of our shelling process can also result in changes to our inventory costs based upon actual versus expected crop yields. We maintain significant
inventories of bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based upon our inventory systems and are subject to verification techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The
quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates
 which historically averaged less than 1.0% of inventory purchases
 are also recorded.


 including our rental investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever
events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of
the asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long lived asset or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of future cash flows derived from the most recent business projections. If this comparison indicates there is an
impairment
We did not record any impairment of long-lived assets for


 we lease space from a related party and transact with another related party in the normal course of business. We
believe
 based on our procedures regarding related party transactions


requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such items give rise to differences in the financial reporting and
tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be realized. Any investment tax credits are
accounted for by using the flow-through method
 whereby the credits are reflected as reductions of tax expense in the year they are recognized in the financial statements. In estimating future tax consequences
 we consider all expected future events
other than changes in tax law or rates. 
 


We record liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step is
recognition
 where we evaluate whether an individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation
processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold in the first step
 we perform the second step of
measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates
with regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are recorded in results of operations and financial position in the period in which such changes occur. As of June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28
 2012
 we had
liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits pertaining to uncertain tax positions totaling $131 thousand and $122 thousand
 respectively. We do not anticipate that total unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the next twelve months.
We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax expense/(benefit) caption in the
We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering our historical taxable
income and future taxable income based upon the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&nbsp;27
 2013
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $0.8 million of basis differences for which we have provided a


 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2013-02
 &#147;Comprehensive Income (Topic 220)&#151;Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&#148; The new guidance
requires presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes
 information about significant amounts required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated
other comprehensive income in their entirety. For amounts not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures that provide additional details about those amounts. This
guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December&nbsp;15
 2012
 and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company will adopt this guidance during fiscal 2014 and does not expect the adoption to have a material effect
on our financial position
In July 2013 the FASB issued ASU 2013-11
 &#147;Presentation of an
Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists
&#148; which amends ASC 740
 &#147;Income Taxes.&#148; This new guidance requires that a liability related to an unrecognized
tax benefit be offset against a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward if certain criteria are met. The provisions of this update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods
within those years
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2013. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments should be applied prospectively to all unrecognized tax benefits that exist at the effective date. Retrospective application is permitted. The
Company will adopt this guidance during fiscal 2015 and does not expect the adoption to have a material effect on our financial position


and in the Chief Executive Officer&#146;s letter to stockholders accompanying the Annual Report on Form 10-K delivered to stockholders
 that are not historical (including statements concerning our expectations regarding market risk) are
&#147;forward-looking statements.&#148; These forward-looking statements may be followed (and therefore identified) by a cross reference to Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; or may be otherwise identified by the use of
forward-looking words and phrases such as &#147;will&#148;
 &#147;anticipates&#148;
 &#147;intends&#148;
 &#147;may&#148;
 &#147;believes&#148;
 &#147;should&#148; and &#147;expects&#148;
 and they are based on our current expectations or beliefs
concerning future events and involve risks and uncertainties. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or other factors that affect the
subject of these statements
 except where expressly required to do so by law. We caution that such statements are qualified by important factors
 including the factors described in Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; and other
factors
 risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control
 that could cause results to differ 
 


 
materially from our current expectations and/or those in the forward-looking statements
 as well as the timing and occurrence (or nonoccurrence) of transactions and other factors
 risk
uncertainties and events which may be subject to circumstances beyond our control. Consequently
 results actually achieved may differ materially from the expected results included in these statements. 


 commodity prices of raw material purchases and foreign exchange. We have not entered into any arrangements to hedge against changes in market
interest rates
We are unable to engage in hedging activity related to commodity prices
because there are no established futures markets for nuts; therefore
 we can only attempt to pass on the commodity cost increases in the form of price increases to our customers. See Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; for a further
Approximately
31% of the dollar value of our total nut purchases for fiscal 2013 were made from foreign countries
 and while these purchases were payable in U.S. dollars
 the underlying costs may fluctuate with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to
We are exposed to interest rate risk on our Credit
Facility
 our only variable rate credit facility; because we have not entered into any hedging instruments which fix the floating rate or offset an increase in the floating rate. A hypothetical 10% adverse change in weighted-average interest rates
would have had less than a $0.1 million impact on our net income and cash flows from operating activities for fiscal 2013. In addition
 the fixed interest rate on our Mortgage Facility resets in the future. 
 


 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son


 the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 stockholders&#146; equity and cash flows present fairly
 in all material
respects
 the financial position of John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. and its subsidiaries at June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28
 2012
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period
ended June&nbsp;27
 2013 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of
June&nbsp;27
 2013
 (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company&#146;s management is responsible for
these financial statements
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting under item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements and on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and
whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also


statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use


 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Chicago
August&nbsp;28
 2013

 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 
 
June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28


 except per share amounts














June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28






























2
459


Accounts receivable
 less allowances of $2
628 and $2
867
 respectively


49
509



49
867





158
706



146
384





3
723



4
823





4
843



3
284





6
175



















223
790



206
817












PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT:












9
285



9
396





102
424



102
814





166
549



160
956





4
363



4
304















1
207



1
098















284
352



279
042





172
928



161
774















111
424



117
268


Rental investment property
 less accumulated depreciation of $6
470 and $6
256
 respectively


22
423



29
443












TOTAL PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT


133
847



146
711

























8
405



7
255












Intangible assets
 net


7
875



10
944















374
744



371
727












 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 2013 and June&nbsp;28
(dollars in thousands
 except per
share amounts














June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28


























31
867



45
848


Current maturities of long-term debt
 including related party debt of $321 and $297
 respectively


8
690



12
724


Accounts payable
 including related party payables of $290 and $75
 respectively


43
741



33
044





1
052



1
947





15
855



14
677





7
593



11
467















108
798



119
707






















Long-term debt
 less current maturities
 including related party debt of $12
264 and $12
585
 respectively


33
665



36
206





12
615



13
335















4
362



1
006















50
642



51
007















159
440



170
714
































Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 convertible to Common Stock on a per share basis
 cumulative voting rights of ten votes per share
$.01 par value; 10
000
000 shares authorized
 2
597
426 shares issued and outstanding









Common Stock
 non-cumulative voting rights of one vote per share
 $.01 par value; 17
000
000 shares authorized
 8
440
409 and
8
282
705 shares issued
 respectively












106
132



103
876





113
430



102
559





(3
164



(4
327


Treasury stock
 at cost; 117
900 shares of Common Stock


(1
204



(1
204















215
304



201
013















374
744



371
727












 
 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 
 
For the years ended June&nbsp;27
 2013
&nbsp;June&nbsp;28
 2012 and June&nbsp;30
 2011 
dollars in thousands
 except per share amounts


















June&nbsp;27
2013


June&nbsp;28
2012


June&nbsp;30
2011





734
334



700
575



674
212





614
372



593
521



590
021



















119
962



107
054



84
191

































47
112



45
085



44
346





31
231



28
996



23
927













5
662



















78
343



74
081



73
935



















41
619



32
973



10
256






























Interest expense including $1
161
 $1
151 and $1
055 to related parties
 respectively


4
754



5
364



6
444


Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net


1
569



1
388



1
026
















Total other expense
 net


6
323



6
752



7
470



















35
296



26
221



2
786





13
536



9
099























21
760



17
122



2
835


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:


































(1
548




















Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax


1
163



(1
085























22
923



16
037



2
992







































































































10
863
064



10
726
004



10
671
780



















10
992
997



10
828
512



10
770
359
















 
 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 
 
For the years ended June&nbsp;27
 2013
&nbsp;June&nbsp;28
 2012 and June&nbsp;30
 2011 

















































Excess&nbsp;
of




































Balance
 June&nbsp;24
 2010


2
597
426







8
166
849







101
787



82
602



(3
399



(1
204



179
894

























2
835











2
835


Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax of $296





































Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $190
















































15
731






































































































Balance
 June&nbsp;30
 2011


2
597
426







8
182
580







102
608



85
437



(3
242



(1
204



183
707

























17
122











17
122


Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax of $309





































Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $1
031


























(1
548







(1
548













100
125






































































































Balance
 June&nbsp;28
 2012


2
597
426







8
282
705







103
876



102
559



(4
327



(1
204



201
013

























21
760











21
760

























(10
889











(10
889


Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax of $383





































Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax of $390
















































157
704







1
340















1
341














































































Balance
 June&nbsp;27
 2013


2
597
426







8
440
409







106
132



113
430



(3
164



(1
204



215
304








































 
 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 
 
For the years ended June&nbsp;27
 2013
&nbsp;June&nbsp;28
 2012 and June&nbsp;30
 2011 



















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2011



















21
760



17
122



2
835





16
717



17
117



16
968


(Gain) loss on disposition of properties
 net
























(3
021



























5
662


Change in assets and liabilities
 net of business acquired:













Accounts receivable
 net






(10
836









(12
322



(17
446



(14
575













1
420





10
527



4
784



(1
365





(2
696



5
442



(1
420









(1
003









3
356







(4
436


Other
 net










1
933



















35
753



15
905



7
236






























Purchases of property
 plant and equipment


(7
207



(7
531



(5
195
















Purchase of assets of Orchard Valley Harvest
 Inc.












































(6
379



(7
186



(5
177

































313
059



310
727



274
130





(327
040



(312
864



(266
582





(6
575



(4
309



(5
257



















(10
889































(1
702



(4
135





1
219









































(30
999



(7
581



(2
175



















(1
625



1
138






Cash
 beginning of period


2
459



1
321



1
437
















Cash
 end of period






2
459



1
321

































4
131



5
011



5
876


Income taxes paid
 excluding refunds of $14
 $565 and $81
 respectively


15
135



11
383



2
163
















 
 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 except per share data) 
 


 Inc.
 and our two wholly-owned subsidiaries
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC and JBSS Ventures
 LLC. During the third
quarter of fiscal 2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its real estate holdings to JBSS Real Estate
 LLC (a recently formed subsidiary) and JBSS Properties
 LLC changed its name to JBSS Ventures
 LLC. Our fiscal year ends on the last
Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists of fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week quarters). However
 the year ended June&nbsp;30
 2011 consisted of fifty-three weeks
 as our fourth quarter contained fourteen weeks. The accompanying


 Orchard Valley Harvest
brand names. We also market and distribute
 and in most cases manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail
mixes
 sunflower seeds
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under private brands and brand names. Our products are sold through the major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food
retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 contract packaging customers and international customers. 
Certain reclassifications have been made to the consolidated balance sheet at June&nbsp;28
 2012 to conform to the current year presentation which had no


contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for customer deductions
 allowances for doubtful
accounts
 the quantity and valuation of bulk inventories
 the evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets
 the realizability of deferred tax assets and various other accrual accounts. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Accounts receivable are stated at the amounts charged to customers
 less allowances for doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated cash discounts and
customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful accounts is calculated by specifically identifying customers that are credit risks and estimating the extent that other non-specifically identified customers will become credit risks. Account balances
are charged off against the allowance when we conclude that it is probable the receivable will not be recovered. The reserve for estimated cash discounts is based on historical experience. The reserve for customer deductions represents known
customer short payments and an estimate of future credit memos that will be issued to customers related to rebates and allowances for marketing and promotions based on historical experience. 
 




 which consist principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market which
approximates actual cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at least quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews and other nuts may affect the value of inventory
 gross profit and gross profit margin. When
expected market sales prices move below costs
 we record adjustments to write down the carrying values of inventories to the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market. The results of our shelling process can also result in changes to inventory
costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus expected crop yields. We maintain significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based on our inventory
systems and are subject to quarterly physical verification techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen month period
 at
We store a large amount of peanut inventory on behalf of the United States
government at various facilities. As a licensed United States Department of Agriculture Nut Warehouse Operator
 to the extent that we do not purchase these peanuts
 we are responsible for delivering the loan value of the peanut inventory in our
possession as represented on the warehouse receipt to the holder of the warehouse receipt on demand. We are responsible for any decline in the value of the peanut inventory due to a decline in quality or shrinkage in excess of an allowable amount.
Property
 Plant and Equipment 
Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Major improvements that extend the useful life
 add capacity
 or add functionality are capitalized and
charged to expense through depreciation. Repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is recognized
currently in operating income. 



















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;
2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;
2012


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;
2011





13
648



14
062



14
901



























































No interest costs were capitalized for the last three fiscal years due to the lack of any significant project.
An
asset is classified as held for sale when (i)&nbsp;management commits to a plan to sell and it is actively marketed
 (ii)&nbsp;it is available for immediate sale and the sale is expected to be completed within one year and (iii)&nbsp;it is unlikely
significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. Assets held for sale may exceed one year due to events or circumstances beyond our control. Recoverability is also assessed and assets held for sale are reported at the


 2013 due to the pending sale of property we own. For more information
 see Note 15 &#151; Assets Held for Sale.

 




 goodwill is subject to impairment testing at least annually or more
frequently if an event occurs or conditions change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We performed our impairment test
 annually during the fourth quarter
 using the two-step method.
We completed an acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of Orchard Valley Harvest (&#147;OVH&#148;) during the fourth quarter of fiscal
2010. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011
 we experienced a significant decline in the market value and operating results of the Company driven by challenging market conditions and also performed our annual impairment analysis under the
provisions of ASC 350. Based upon our analysis
 we concluded that the entire goodwill balance of $5
Impairment of
We review held and used long-lived assets
 including our rental investment property and amortizable identifiable
intangible assets
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such events occur
 we compare the
sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long lived asset or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of future cash flows


Deferred
financing costs are incurred to obtain long-term financing and are amortized using the effective interest method over the term of the related debt. The amortization of deferred financing costs
 which is classified in interest expense in the
consolidated statement of comprehensive income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2011































 we acquired property to be used for the Elgin Site. Two buildings are located on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an office building. Approximately 71% of the office building is currently
vacant. The other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and modified for use as our principal processing facility and headquarters. The allocation of the purchase price to the two buildings was determined through a third party appraisal. The value
assigned to the office building is included in rental investment property on the balance sheet. The value assigned to the warehouse building is included in &#147;Property
 plant and equipment&#148;. 
The net rental expense from the office building is included in the caption &#147;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&#148;. Gross rental income and
Rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal years are as follows: 


















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2011





1
671



1
426



1
458


Rental (expense)
 net


(1
495



(1
450



(1
412


 


Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within the office building is as follows for the
fiscal years ending: 








June&nbsp;26
 2014


1
848


June 25
 2015


1
860


June 30
 2016


1
873


June 29
 2017


1
718


June 28
 2018








2
660











10
534







On March&nbsp;28
 2006
 our wholly-owned subsidiary JBSS Properties
 LLC acquired title by quitclaim deed to the site
that was originally purchased in Elgin
 Illinois (the &#147;Old Elgin Site&#148;) for our facility consolidation project and also entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the &#147;Agreement&#148;) with the City of Elgin (the
&#147;City&#148;). In the third quarter of fiscal 2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its properties and agreements to JBSS Real Estate
 LLC. Under the terms of the Agreement
 the City assigned to us the City&#146;s remaining rights and
obligations under a development agreement entered into by and among the Company
 certain related party partnerships and the City (the &#147;Development Agreement&#148;). The Mortgage Facility is secured
 in part
 by the Old Elgin Site. We must
obtain the consent of the Mortgage Lender (as defined below) prior to the sale of the Old Elgin Site. Also
 the State of Illinois
 the original owner of the Old Elgin Site that sold it to the City
 has the option to repurchase the Old Elgin Site. We
currently have an agreed upon sales contract and the State of Illinois has waived its repurchase option. Consequently
 we have classified these assets as held for sale in the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 15. A portion of the Old Elgin Site
contains an office building (which we began renting to a third-party during the third quarter of fiscal 2007) that will likely be included in any future sale. We incurred $6
806 of gross costs under the Development Agreement
 and had carrying values
of $6
175 and $6
228 at June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28
 2012
 respectively. These costs are recorded as &#147;Assets held for sale&#148; at June&nbsp;27
 2013 and &#147;Rental investment property&#148; at June&nbsp;28
 2012. 
In September 2012
 we completed the sale of land and a building where we owned and operated a retail store in Barrington
 Illinois. Proceeds from the
sale were $870
 net of expenses of $45
 and resulted in a pre-tax gain of $660 which is recorded in &#147;Administrative expenses&#148; for the year ended June&nbsp;27


payments to be made by us. Such payments are frequently made pursuant to contracts that stipulate the term of the agreement
 the quantity and type of products to be sold and any exclusivity requirements. If appropriate
 the cost of these payments is
recorded as an asset and is amortized over the term of the contract. We expense payments if no written arrangement exists and amounts are not recoverable in the event of customer cancellation. 
Total introductory funds are insignificant at both June&nbsp;27
 2013&nbsp;June&nbsp;28


 which is recorded as a reduction in net sales
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 



















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2011































orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value into three broad levels: 
 
























Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets. For example
 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets or
liabilities in inactive markets.










The carrying values of cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their fair values at
June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28
The carrying value of our Credit
Facility (as defined below) borrowings approximates fair value at June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28
 2012 because interest rates on this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2 criteria)
 the short term maturity and nature of this
balance. In addition
The estimated fair value of long-term debt
 including
current maturities
 at June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28
 2012 was $46
059 and $53
327
 respectively
 and the related carrying value was $42
355 and $48
930
 respectively. The estimated fair value of our long-term debt was determined using a
market approach based upon Level 2 observable inputs
 which estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no
significant changes in the underlying assets securing our long-term debt. 
We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price is fixed
 delivery
occurs and collection is reasonably assured. We sell our products under some arrangements which include customer contracts which fix the sales price for periods
 typically of up to one year
 for some industrial customers and through specific
programs consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer customers and commercial ingredient users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the terms of specific
arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of rebates and promotion and marketing allowances. Revenues are also recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to return
products
 past experience has demonstrated that product returns have been insignificant. Provisions for returns are reflected as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based upon customer specific circumstances. Billings for shipping and




 primarily in
trade accounts receivable
 and attempt to mitigate this risk through our credit evaluation process
 collection terms and through geographical dispersion of sales. Sales to three customers each exceeded 10% of net sales during fiscal 2013. In fiscal
2012 and fiscal 2011 two customers each had sales that exceeded 10% of net sales. Sales to these customers represented approximately 48%
 36% and 32% of our net sales in fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 respectively. Net accounts receivable
from these customers were 49% and 29% of net accounts receivable at June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28
 2012
 respectively. 
 


Promotion


 customer rebates and marketing allowances are recorded at the time revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions in sales. Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon
projected volumes for the year
 while promotion and marketing allowances are recorded based upon terms of the actual arrangements. Coupon incentive costs are accrued based on estimates of product sold to retailers at our measurement date and an
The majority of marketing costs and substantially all advertising costs are incurred to promote and support
branded products in the consumer distribution channel. These costs are expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal years: 



















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2011





10
928



8
946



7
864

















 which include freight and other expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in selling expenses. Shipping and handling costs for the last three fiscal years
were as follows: 


















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2011





15
801



15
757



17
937

















for the last three fiscal years were as follows: 


















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2011





1
233



1
062





















reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such items give rise to differences in the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it
is more likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be realized. Any investment tax credits are accounted for by using the flow-through method
 whereby the credits are reflected as reductions of tax expense in the year they are
recognized in the financial statements. In estimating future tax consequences


 where we evaluate whether an individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than
50% of being sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a less than 50% likelihood of being
sustained
 no tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold in the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may differ from our
estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are
recorded in results of operations and financial position in the period in which such changes occur. As of June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28
 2012
 we had liabilities for uncertain tax positions totaling $131 and $122
 respectively. 
 


We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax expense
We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering
our historical taxable income and future taxable income based upon the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&nbsp;27
 2013
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $815 of basis differences for which we
have provided a valuation allowance. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable
 however
 could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced. 
Basic earnings per
common share are calculated using the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other
contracts to issue Common Stock were exercised or converted into Common Stock or resulted in the issuance of Common Stock. The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted
earnings per share: 


















Year
June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


Year
June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


Year
June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2011





10
863
064



10
726
004



10
671
780



















129
933



102
508



98
579



















10
992
997



10
828
512



10
770
359















The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock options excluded from the computation of diluted earnings
per share: 


















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;
2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;
2012


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;
2011





41
375



107
125



125
375

















 &#147;Comprehensive Income&#148;. This topic establishes standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its
components in a full set of general-purpose financial statements. The topic requires that all components of comprehensive income be reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same prominence as other financial statements. This
topic also requires all non-owner changes in stockholders&#146; equity be presented in either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. 
In
February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2013-02
 &#147;Comprehensive Income (Topic 220)&#151;Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&#148; The new guidance requires presentation by the respective line
items of net income
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes
 information about significant amounts required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income in their
entirety. For amounts not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures that provide additional details about those amounts. This guidance is effective for fiscal years
beginning on or after December&nbsp;15
 2012
 and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company will adopt this guidance during fiscal 2014 and does not expect the adoption to have a material effect on our financial position
 results of
operations or cash flows. 
 


In July 2013 the FASB issued ASU 2013-11
 &#147;Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net
Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists
&#148; which amends ASC 740
 &#147;Income Taxes.&#148; This new guidance requires that a liability related to an unrecognized tax benefit be offset against a
deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward if certain criteria are met. The provisions of this update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning
after December&nbsp;15
 2013. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments should be applied prospectively to all unrecognized tax benefits that exist at the effective date. Retrospective application is permitted. The Company will adopt this guidance
during fiscal 2015 and does not expect the adoption to have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 














June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012





80
925



72
862





77
781



73
522















158
706



146
384












 
 















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012





10
600



10
600





5
400



5
400





8
090



8
090












Total intangible assets
 gross


24
090



24
090

























(4
689



(3
174





(3
501



(1
981





(8
025



(7
991















(16
215



(13
146















7
875



10
944











Customer relationships and the non-compete agreement relate wholly to the Orchard Valley Harvest (&#147;OVH&#148;)
acquisition completed in fiscal 2010. Customer relationships are being amortized on a straight line basis over seven years. The non-compete agreement is being amortized based upon the expected pattern of cash flow annual benefit over a five year
 brand name
 brand name became fully amortized in fiscal 2011. The remainder of the brand name relates to the OVH acquisition
Total amortization expense related to intangible assets
 which is classified
in administrative expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2011





3
069



2
973



2
204
















 


 














June 26
 2014


2
629


June 25
 2015


2
167


June 30
 2016


1
710


June 29
 2017


1
369


June 28
 2018





 
On February&nbsp;7
 2008
 we entered into a Credit Agreement with a bank group (the &#147;Bank Lenders&#148;) providing a $117
500
revolving loan commitment and letter of credit subfacility (the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;). Also on February&nbsp;7
 2008
 we entered into a Loan Agreement with an insurance company (the &#147;Mortgage Lender&#148;) providing us with two term
loans
 one in the amount of $36
000 (&#147;Tranche A&#148;) and the other in the amount of $9
000 (&#147;Tranche B&#148;)
 for an aggregate amount of $45
000 (the &#147;Mortgage Facility&#148;). 
The Credit Facility
 as amended
 is secured by substantially all our assets other than real property and fixtures. The Mortgage Facility is secured by
mortgages on essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina (the &#147;Encumbered Properties&#148;). The encumbered Elgin
 Illinois real property includes almost all of the
Old Elgin Site that was purchased prior to our purchase of the land in Elgin
 Illinois


 2011
 we entered into a Second Amendment to the Credit Facility (the &#147;Second Amendment&#148;) which extended the maturity date of the Credit Facility from February&nbsp;7
 2013 to
July&nbsp;15
 2016. In addition
 the Second Amendment increases the amount by which we may increase the revolving credit commitment available under the Credit Facility from $15
000 to $22
500. 
On October&nbsp;31
 2011
 we entered into a Third Amendment to the Credit Facility (the &#147;Third Amendment&#148;). The Third Amendment permits an
additional 5% of outstanding accounts receivable from a major customer to be included as eligible in the borrowing base calculation
 and the Third Amendment also made technical modifications to definitions. 
On January&nbsp;22
 2013
 we entered into a Consent and Fourth Amendment to the Credit Facility which permitted us to sell certain intellectual property
The portion of the borrowing base calculation based upon machinery and equipment will
decrease by $1
500 per year for the first five years to coincide with depreciation of the machinery and equipment collateral. As of June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28
 2012
 the weighted average interest rate for the Credit Facility was 2.23% and
2.36%
 respectively. The terms of the Credit Facility contain covenants that require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions and certain sales of assets
 cash dividends
 redemptions of capital stock and
prepayment of indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among other things
 is of a subordinate debt). If loan availability under the Borrowing Base Calculation falls below $25
000
 we will be required to maintain a specified fixed charge coverage ratio
tested on a monthly basis. All cash received from customers is required to be applied against the Credit Facility. The Bank Lenders are entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations under the Credit Facility in the event of default on
the payments required under the Credit Facility
 a change in control in the ownership of the Company
 non-compliance with the financial covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under the Credit Facility (including a default
under the Mortgage Facility). As of June&nbsp;27
 2013
 we were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility and we currently expect to be in compliance with the financial covenant in the Credit Facility for the foreseeable future. As
of June&nbsp;27
 2013
 we had $81
608 of available credit under the Credit Facility which reflects borrowings of $31
867 and reduced availability as a result of $4
025 in outstanding letters of credit. We would still be in compliance with all
restrictive covenants under the Credit Facility if this entire amount were borrowed. 
 


 
 














June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28



Mortgage Facility (&#147;Tranche A&#148;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in monthly principal installments of $200 plus
interest at 7.63%&nbsp;per annum through February 2023 with a final principal payment of $600 on March&nbsp;1
 2023


23
800



26
000


Mortgage Facility (&#147;Tranche B&#148;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in monthly principal installments of $50 plus
interest at the greater of one month LIBOR plus 4.00%&nbsp;per annum or 5.00% through February 2023 with a final principal payment of $150 on March&nbsp;1
 2023


5
950



6
500


Industrial development bonds
 collateralized by building
 machinery and equipment with a cost aggregating $8
000






3
290


Selma
 Texas facility financing obligation to related parties
 due in monthly installments of $121 through September&nbsp;1
2031


12
585



12
882


Equipment loan
 collateralized by machinery and equipment
 monthly installments of $30 through December 2012
































42
355



48
930





(8
690



(12
724















33
665



36
206











We are subject to periodic interest rate resets for each of Tranche A and Tranche B. Specifically
 on March&nbsp;1
 2018
(the &#147;Tranche A Reset Date&#148;) and March&nbsp;1
 2014 and every two years thereafter (each
 a &#147;Tranche B Reset Date&#148;)
 the&nbsp;Mortgage Lender&nbsp;may reset the interest rates for each of Tranche A and Tranche B
 respectively
 in
its sole and absolute discretion. If the reset interest rate for either Tranche A or Tranche B is unacceptable to us and we (i)&nbsp;do not have sufficient funds to repay amounts due with respect to Tranche A or Tranche B on the Tranche A Reset Date
or Tranche B Reset Date
 in each case
 as applicable
 or (ii)&nbsp;are unable to refinance amounts due with respect to Tranche A or Tranche B on the Tranche A Reset Date or Tranche B Reset Date
 in each case
 as applicable
 on terms more favorable
than the reset interest rates
 then
 depending on the extent of the changes in the reset interest rates


 payable monthly. As mentioned above
 such interest rate may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on the
Tranche A Reset Date. Tranche B under the Mortgage Facility accrues interest
 as reset on March&nbsp;1
 2012
 at a floating rate of the greater of one month LIBOR plus 4.00%&nbsp;per annum or 5.00%
 payable monthly. The margin on such floating rate
may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on each Tranche B Reset Date; provided
 however
 that the Mortgage Lender may also change the underlying index on each Tranche B Reset Date occurring on or after March&nbsp;1
 2016. We do not currently anticipate
that any change in the floating rate or the underlying index will have a material adverse effect upon our business


000 and maintain the Encumbered Properties. The Mortgage Facility is secured
 in part
 by the
Old Elgin Site. We must obtain the consent of the Mortgage Lender prior to the sale of the Old Elgin Site. A portion of the Old Elgin Site contains an office building (which we began renting during the third quarter of fiscal 2007) that will likely
be included in any future sale. The Mortgage Lender is entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations under the Mortgage Facility in the event we default in the payments required under the Mortgage Facility
 non-compliance with the
covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of June&nbsp;27
 2013
 we were in compliance with all covenants under the Mortgage Facility. We currently believe that we will be in compliance with the
financial covenants in the Mortgage Facility for the foreseeable future and therefore $21
400 has been classified as long-term debt as of June&nbsp;27
 2013 which represents scheduled principal payments under Tranche A that are due beyond twelve
months. All $5
950 outstanding under Tranche B is classified as short-term debt as of June&nbsp;27
 2013
 since the Mortgage Lender has the option to use any proceeds of any sale of the site that was originally purchased by the Company in Elgin
Illinois to reduce the amount outstanding under Tranche B. 
 


We financed the construction of a peanut shelling plant in Bainbridge
 Georgia with industrial development
bonds in 1987. On June&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2011
 we remarketed the bonds
 resetting the interest rate at 3.00% through May 2013
 and at a market rate to be determined thereafter. On June&nbsp;1
 2013
 and on each subsequent interest reset date for the
bonds
 we are required to redeem the bonds at face value plus any accrued and unpaid interest
 unless a bondholder elects to retain his or her bonds. We had the option at any time
 however
 subject to certain conditions
 to redeem the bonds at face
value plus accrued interest
 if any. We exercised that option in June 2013 and paid $3
In September 2006
 we
sold our Selma
 Texas properties to two related party partnerships for $14
300 and are leasing them back. The selling price was determined by an independent appraiser to be the fair market value which also approximated our carrying value. The lease
for the Selma
 Texas properties has a ten-year term at a fair market value rent with three five-year renewal options. Also
 we have an option to purchase the properties from the partnerships after five years at 95% (100% in certain circumstances) of
the then fair market value
 but not to be less than the $14
300 purchase price. The financing obligation is being accounted for similar to the accounting for a capital lease
 whereby the $14
300 was recorded as a debt obligation
 as the provisions
of the arrangement are not eligible for sale-leaseback accounting. As of June&nbsp;27
 2013
 $12
585 of the debt obligation was outstanding. 










June&nbsp;26
 2014


 8
690


June 25
 2015


2
749


June 30
 2016


2
776


June 29
 2017


2
807


June 28
 2018


2
841





22
492











42
355








 
 



















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2011





14
483



9
908



2
972













(3
021



















13
536



9
099



















The reconciliations of income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate to income taxes reported in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive income for the last three fiscal years are as follows: 


















June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;30

















State income taxes
 net of federal benefit














































































































The impact of the rate reconciling items for fiscal 2011 is greater than fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012 primarily because
income before income taxes is lower in fiscal year 2011. The significant items (on after-tax basis) impacting the fiscal 2011 rate include the following: (i)&nbsp;$190 of state tax benefit related to release of state valuation allowance due to
change in state law and our expected utilization of state investment tax credits
 $138 of state tax benefit related to out of period adjustment for excess state tax over book 
 


 
depreciation available in future periods
 $74 of state tax benefit due to favorable resolution of state tax audit
 $124 of state tax benefit for tax rate changes and tax provision adjustments;
(ii)&nbsp;$160 of tax benefit related to the current year research and development credit and the reinstatement of the prior year research and development credit; (iii)&nbsp;$297 of tax benefit related to the Domestic Production Activities
Deduction; and (iv)&nbsp;$41 of net tax benefit primarily related to a lower federal income tax bracket of 34% due to a lower level of fiscal 2011 federal taxable income as well as other miscellaneous permanent adjustments. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement
basis and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the following: 























June&nbsp;27
 2013


June&nbsp;28
 2012















































2
021







1
785



































1
701













































3
912







4
823













































3
723







4
823









































(11
525







(11
801























1
099

















4
690







4
123



























5
046







5
334









1
194







































































13
335



(11
882



11
486



(11
946









































12
709



(11
882



11
486



(11
946























16
432



(11
882



16
309



(11
946



















In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income of the character necessary during the periods in which those temporary
differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and carryforward periods)
 projected future taxable income
 and tax-planning strategies in making
this assessment. The net change in the total valuation allowance was an increase of $815 in fiscal 2013 and a decrease of $68 in fiscal 2012. The valuation allowance at June&nbsp;27
 2013 is entirely related to the deferred tax assets that were
created as a result of our investment in
 and sale of intellectual property rights to
 an unconsolidated variable interest entity. If or when recognized
 the tax benefits relating to any reversal of the valuation allowance will be recognized as a
We have gross state tax net operating losses of approximately $5
040 that will expire between 2017 and 2030
if not utilized. 
 


For the years ending June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28
 2012 unrecognized tax benefits and accrued
interest and penalties were not material. There were no material changes to the amount of unrecognized tax benefits or interest and penalties during any of the periods presented. Total gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits were $139 and $133 at
June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28
 2012
Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the annual effective tax
rate on income from continuing operations
 are as follows: 


















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2011















We do not anticipate that total unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the next twelve months.
There were certain changes in state tax laws during the period the impact of which was insignificant. We file income tax returns with federal
and state tax authorities within the United States of America. Our federal tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2011 and later. Our Illinois tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2009 and later. Our California tax returns are open for audit
for fiscal 2008 and later. No other tax jurisdictions are material to us. 
 
We
lease certain equipment pursuant to agreements accounted for as operating leases. Rent expense aggregated under these operating leases was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 



















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2011





1
414



1
459



1
862















Aggregate non-cancelable lease commitments under these operating leases with initial or remaining terms greater than one
year are as follows: 













June 26
 2014


1
088


June 25
 2015


1
019


June 30
 2016





June 29
 2017





June 28
 2018




















4
286









 including the proceeding noted below. While management presently believes that the ultimate outcomes of these
proceedings
 individually and in the aggregate
 will not materially affect our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows
 legal proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties
 and unfavorable outcomes could occur. Unfavorable
outcomes could include substantial money damages in excess of any appropriate accruals which management has established. Were such unfavorable final outcomes to occur
 there exists the possibility of a material adverse effect on our financial
position
 results of operations and cash flows. 
 


Cardenas et. al. v John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. 
In fiscal 2010
 a class action wage and hour lawsuit was filed against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois (the
&#147;District Court&#148;) under the Illinois Minimum Wage Law (&#147;IMWL&#148;) and the Fair Labor Standards Act (&#147;FLSA&#148;). The plaintiffs claimed damages under the IMWL in an amount equal to all unpaid back pay alleged to be owed to the
plaintiffs
 prejudgment interest on the back pay
 punitive damages
 attorneys&#146; fees and costs
 and an injunction precluding the Company from violating the IMWL. The plaintiffs additionally claimed damages under the FLSA in an amount equal to
all back pay alleged to be owed to the plaintiffs
 prejudgment interest on the back pay
 liquidated damages equal to the amount of unpaid back wages
 and attorneys&#146; fees and costs. In fiscal 2011
 the plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint


 plaintiffs and facilities
 we agreed in principle to a $2
600 settlement (the &#147;Settlement
Agreement&#148;). In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011
 the Settlement Agreement was finalized and preliminarily approved by the District Court which included a provision allowing for a reverter payment if all or some class members do not submit
claim forms. We recorded an accrual of $1
950 in fiscal 2011 for the class action wage and hour lawsuit which was our best estimate of the payout to class members who submitted claim forms
 net of any estimated reverter payout to the Company and
During the first quarter of fiscal 2012
 the Court issued a final approval of
the Settlement Agreement which did not have a material impact on earnings during fiscal 2012. The case was closed and formally dismissed by the Court during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement
 we
paid $2
600 to the claims administrator during the first quarter of fiscal 2012 and received a reverter payment for unclaimed settlement funds of approximately $665 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. 
 
Our Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the &#147;Class A Stock&#148;)
 has cumulative voting rights with respect to the
election of those directors which the holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock are entitled to elect
 and 10 votes per share on all other matters on which holders of our Class&nbsp;A Stock and Common Stock are entitled to vote
 with the exception of election
of the directors for which the holders of Common Stock are eligible to elect. In addition
 each share of Class&nbsp;A Stock is convertible at the option of the holder at any time into one share of Common Stock and automatically converts into one
share of Common Stock upon any sale or transfer other than to related individuals. Each share of our Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the &#147;Common Stock&#148;) has noncumulative voting rights of one vote per share. The Class&nbsp;A Stock and the
Common Stock are entitled to share equally
 on a share-for-share basis
 in any cash dividends declared by the Board of Directors
 and the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to elect 25%
 rounded up to the nearest whole number
 of the members
comprising the Board of Directors. 
 
At our annual meeting of stockholders on October&nbsp;30
 2008
 our stockholders approved a new equity incentive plan
(the&nbsp;&#147;2008 Equity Incentive Plan&#148;) pursuant to which awards of options and stock-based awards may be made to members of the Board of Directors
 employees and other individuals providing services to the Company. A total of 1
000
000
shares of Common Stock are authorized for grants of awards under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
 which may be in the form of options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 stock appreciation rights (&#147;SARs&#148;)
 Common Stock or dividends
and dividend equivalents. As of June&nbsp;27
 2013
 there were 664
915 shares of Common Stock that remained authorized for future grants of awards
 subject to the limitations set below. A maximum of 500
000 of the 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock
authorized under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan may be used for grants of Common Stock
 restricted stock and restricted stock units. Additionally
 awards of options or SARs are limited to 100
000 shares annually to any single individual
 and awards
of Common Stock
 restricted stock or restricted stock units are limited to 50
000 shares annually to any single individual. All restricted stock units granted under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan have vesting periods of three years for awards to
employees and one year for awards to non-employee members of the Board of Directors. Recipients of restricted stock unit awards have the option to defer receipt of vested shares until a specified later date
 typically soon after separation from the

 


 
Company. The exercise price of stock options was determined as set forth in the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors
 and must be at least the fair
market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as set forth in the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
 options expire upon termination of employment or directorship
 as applicable. The options granted under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan are
exercisable 25% annually commencing on the first anniversary date of grant and become fully exercisable on the fourth anniversary date of grant. Options generally will expire no later than ten years after the date on which they are granted. We issue
The 2008 Equity Incentive Plan replaced a stock option plan approved at our annual
meeting of stockholders on October&nbsp;28
 1998 (the&nbsp;&#147;1998 Equity Incentive Plan&#148;) pursuant to which awards of options and stock-based awards could be made. There were 700
000 shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance to certain
key employees and &#147;outside directors&#148; (i.e.
 directors who are not employees of the Company). The exercise price of the options was determined as set forth in the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan by the Board of Directors and was at least the
fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as set forth in the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan
 options expire upon termination of employment or directorship
 as applicable. The options granted under the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan
are exercisable 25% annually commencing on the first anniversary date of grant and become fully exercisable on the fourth anniversary date of grant. Options generally will expire no later than ten years after the date on which they are granted. We
issue new shares of Common Stock upon exercise of stock options issued pursuant to the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan. Through fiscal 2007
 all of the options granted
 except those granted to outside directors
 were intended to qualify as incentive
stock options within the meaning of Section&nbsp;422 of the Internal Revenue Code. Effective fiscal 2008
 all option grants are non-qualified awards. The 1998 Equity Incentive Plan terminated on September&nbsp;1
 2008. However
 all outstanding


last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2011

























































The expected term of the awards was determined using the &#147;simplified method&#148; as stated in SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin No.&nbsp;107 that utilizes the following formula: ((vesting term + original contract term)/2). Expected stock volatility was determined based on historical volatility for the 6.25 year-period preceding the measurement date. The risk-free
rate was based on the yield curve in effect at the time the options were granted
 using U.S. treasury constant maturities over the expected life of the option. Expected forfeitures were determined based upon our expectations and past experiences.
The following is a summary of stock option
activity for the year ended June&nbsp;27
 2013: 












































































Outstanding at June&nbsp;28
 2012


205
500

















3
000

















(92
375


















































Outstanding at June&nbsp;27
 2013


115
250
































Exercisable at June&nbsp;27
 2013


112
625
































 


The number of stock options vested
 and expected to vest in the future
 as of June&nbsp;27
 2013
 is not
significantly different from the number of stock options outstanding at June&nbsp;27
 2013
 as stated above. All options granted during fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012
 and fiscal 2011 were at exercise prices equal to the market price of Common Stock at
The following table summarizes the weighted-average grant-date fair value of option awards granted
 the total intrinsic value
of all options exercised and the total cash received from the exercise of options for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2011

































1
219









The following is a summary of non-vested stock options for the year ended June&nbsp;27
 2013: 





















Non-vested at June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


1
875









3
000









(1
875


























Non-vested at June 27
&nbsp;2013


2
625















Exercise prices for options outstanding as of June&nbsp;27
 2013 ranged from $7.95 to $32.30 and may be segregated into
two ranges
 as shown below: 




























56
500



58
750

























56
125



56
500











Restricted stock units granted to employees and outside directors vest over a three-year and one-year period
The
following is a summary of restricted stock unit activity for the year ended June&nbsp;27
 2013: 

















Fair&nbsp;
Value


Outstanding at June 28
&nbsp;2012


220
500









66
294









(64
000









(7
500
















Outstanding at June 27
&nbsp;2013


215
294
















 


At June&nbsp;27
 2013 there were 37
500 restricted stock units outstanding that were vested but deferred. At
June&nbsp;28
 2012 there were 34
000 restricted stock units outstanding that were vested but deferred. The non-vested restricted stock units at June&nbsp;27
 2013 will vest over a weighted-average period of 1.2 years. 
In the first quarter of fiscal 2011 we granted 10
000 SARs to a marketing consultant which vested over a three year period and have a ten year term. In
the third quarter of fiscal 2013 the consultant exercised 7
500 of the SARs and the Compensation Committee accelerated the vesting of the remaining awards. At June&nbsp;27
 2013 the remaining liability for the SAR&#146;s is insignificant.
Under the fair value recognition provisions of ASC Topic 718
 stock-based compensation is measured at the grant-date based on the fair value
of the award and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. The following table summarizes compensation cost charged to earnings for all equity compensation plans and the total income tax benefit recognized for the last three
fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;30






























At June&nbsp;27
 2013
 there was $994 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based
compensation arrangements granted under our stock-based compensation plans. We expect to recognize that cost over a weighted-average period of 1.2 years. 
 
On December&nbsp;10
 2012
 our Board of Directors
 after considering the financial position of our Company
 declared a special cash
dividend of $1.00 per share on all issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock of the Company (the &#147;Special Dividend&#148;). The Special Dividend of $10
889 was paid December&nbsp;28
 2012
 to stockholders of record at
the close of business on December&nbsp;20
 2012. The ex-dividend date was the close of business on December&nbsp;18
 2012. We obtained the appropriate consent from the Bank Lenders in order to declare and pay this Special Dividend. 
NOTE 11 &#151; INVESTMENT IN ARMA ENERGY
 INC. 
Over the past few years we have been developing
 marketing
 and securing proprietary and intellectual property rights to the &#147;ARMA
brand&#148; in select markets. The ARMA brand products consisted of &#147;energy-infused&#148; snack products
 including kettle cooked potato chips
 trail mixes
 fruit and nut blends
 granola mixes and other products. Sales of ARMA brand products
have historically been immaterial to our financial condition
On February&nbsp;1
 2013 we entered into a
Stock Purchase Agreement with ARMA Energy
 Inc. (&#147;AEI&#148; or the &#147;Purchaser&#148;) whereby we received approximately 71% of the preferred stock of the Purchaser in exchange for sales
 marketing
 services
 and other expenses already
incurred. In addition
 on February&nbsp;1
 2013
 we sold all of our intellectual property rights in the ARMA brand to the Purchaser in exchange for a secured promissory note in the principal amount of $500 payable over five years. Annual payments of
$100 begin December 2013 on the promissory note. The fair value of the note received and non-controlling interest retained at the time of sale were not deemed material. At June&nbsp;27
 2013 our ownership percentage had decreased to approximately
58% due to additional investment from unrelated parties. After recording our proportional share of losses
 our investment in this entity is $0 at June&nbsp;27


 
 provides a framework for identifying variable interest entities (&#147;VIEs&#148;) and determining whether an investment in another entity should be
subject to consolidation. Upon consideration of the guidance
 we determined the Purchaser is a VIE. Further
 we have concluded that power is shared and we are not the primary beneficiary of the VIE. Shared control of the VIE&#146;s board of
directors was the most significant factor in concluding that power was shared among us and other unrelated parties. The operating results of the Purchaser are not currently material to our financial position
 operating results and cash flows
 and we
do not provide financial support to the Purchaser. 
 


Based on ASC 323
 
 we determined we have
significant influence over the Purchaser and have accounted for this investment under the equity method. 
 
We maintain a contributory plan established pursuant to the provisions of section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan
provides retirement benefits for all nonunion employees meeting minimum age and service requirements. We currently match 100% of the first three percent contributed by each employee and 50% of the next two percent contributed
 up to certain maximums
specified in the plan. Our expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;30






1
171









During the first quarter of fiscal 2009
 we recorded a long-term liability of $868 for the withdrawal from the
multiemployer plan (&#147;Route pension&#148;) for the step-van drivers that were employed for our store-door delivery system that was discontinued during the third quarter of fiscal 2008. Pursuant to terms of settlement with a labor union
 we are
The total route pension liability was as follows for the last two
fiscal years: 














June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28












Virtually all of our salaried employees participate in our Sanfilippo Value Added Plan (as amended
 the &#147;SVA
Plan&#148;) which is a non-equity cash incentive plan (an economic value added-based program) administered by our Compensation Committee. We accrue expense related to the SVA Plan in the annual period that the economic performance underlying such
performance occurs. This method of expense recognition properly matches the expense associated with improved economic performance with the period the improved performance occurs on a systematic and rational basis. 
We also employ several union-represented employees and contribute to one multiemployer defined benefit pension plan and one multiemployer defined
The risks of participating in the multiemployer pension plan are
different from single-employer pension plan for the following reasons: 





Amounts contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers.






If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers.






If we choose to stop participating in the plan
 we may be required to pay the plan an amount based on the unfunded status of the plan
 referred to as
The estimated withdrawal liability at June&nbsp;27
 2013 is not significant. Contributions to
these plans for the last three fiscal years were not significant. The Pension Protection Act certified zone status was green as of June&nbsp;30
 2012 which was the date of the most recent annual funding notice. 
 


 
On August&nbsp;2
 2007
 the committee then known as the Compensation
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the
&#147;Committee&#148;) approved a restated Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (&#147;SERP&#148;) for certain executive officers and key employees
 retroactively effective as of August&nbsp;25
 2005. The restated SERP retroactively changed the
plan adopted on August&nbsp;25
 2005 to
 among other things
 clarify certain actuarial provisions and incorporate new Internal Revenue Service requirements. The SERP is an unfunded
 non-qualified benefit plan that will provide eligible participants
with monthly benefits upon retirement
 disability or death
 subject to certain conditions. Benefits paid to retirees are based on age at retirement
 years of credited service
 and average compensation. We use our fiscal year-end as the measurement
date for the obligation calculation. Accounting guidance now codified in ASC Topic 715
 &#147;Compensation &#150; Retirement Benefits&#148; requires the recognition of the funded status of the SERP on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Actuarial gains
or losses
 prior service costs or credits and transition obligations that have not yet been recognized are recorded as a component of &#147;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&#148; (&#147;AOCL&#148;). 
















June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28
















13
989



11
221





























2
579

























13
268



13
989











Components of the actuarial (gain) loss portion of the change in projected benefit obligation are presented below for the
fiscal years ended: 


















June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;30


































(1
555



2
494









































2
579







































June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;30












































































1
870



1
615



1
534
















 


Significant assumptions related to our SERP include the discount rate used to calculate the actuarial
We
used the following assumptions to calculate the benefit obligations of our SERP as of the following dates: 










June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28

















 base
 paid&nbsp;3&nbsp;of&nbsp;5 years

 base
 paid&nbsp;3&nbsp;of&nbsp;5 years
We used the following assumptions to calculate the net periodic costs of our SERP as follows for the fiscal years ended:













June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;30





















 base
 paid&nbsp;3&nbsp;of&nbsp;5 years

 base
 paid&nbsp;3&nbsp;of&nbsp;5 years

 base
 paid&nbsp;3&nbsp;of&nbsp;5 years
The assumed discount rate is based
 in part
 upon a discount rate modeling process that considers both high quality
long-term indices and the duration of the SERP plan relative to the durations implicit in the broader indices. The discount rate is utilized principally in calculating the actuarial present value of our obligation and periodic expense pursuant to
the SERP. To the extent the discount rate increases or decreases
 our SERP obligation is decreased or increased
The following
table presents the benefits expected to be paid in the next ten fiscal years: 














































2
678

















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012





2
257



1
278





(7
177



(8
134





1
756



2
529















(3
164



(4
327











We expect to recognize $957 of the prior service cost offset by $68 of the net gain into net periodic pension expense
during the fiscal year ending June&nbsp;26
 2014. 
 


 
In addition to the related party transactions described in Note 5
 we also entered into transactions with the related party described
We purchase materials from a company that is effectively owned by two members of our Board of Directors who are also executive
officers
 and individuals directly related to them. Purchases from this related party aggregated to the following for the years ending: 


















June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013


June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2011





10
723



11
474



11
187

























June&nbsp;27
 2013





June&nbsp;28
 2012





 
Since March 2006 we have owned property in Elgin
 Illinois (the &#147;Old Elgin Site&#148;) originally purchased for our facility
consolidation project. During the third quarter of fiscal 2013 we reached an agreed upon sales contract with a third party. The State of Illinois
 the original owner of the Old Elgin Site
 has the option to repurchase this property and has waived
this repurchase option. The planned sale of this property meets the criteria of an asset &#147;Held for Sale&#148; in accordance with ASC 360

 Plant and Equipment
their carrying value or fair value less cost to sell. No adjustment to fair value less costs to sell was required. A current asset of $6
175 is presented in the consolidated balance sheets at June&nbsp;27
 2013. 
 
We operate in a single reportable operating segment through which we sell various nut products through multiple distribution channels.




















June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;30






436
228



418
699



414
486





177
774



176
611



160
817





85
940



70
388



64
025





34
392



34
877



34
884



















734
334



700
575



674
212



















Sales of branded products were approximately 30%
 29% and 31% of total consumer channel sales during fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively 
 


The following summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of total gross sales. The information is
based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments
 such as promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product types
 for the fiscal year ended: 



















June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;30
































































































































For all periods presented
 the largest component of the &#147;Other&#148; product type is trail and snack mixes which
include nut products. 
 
 




































June&nbsp;27
 2013






































2
122



4
256



(4
494



1
884









9
899



(9
899













































2
867



14
970



(14
394



3
443




















June&nbsp;28
 2012










































8
447



(8
367









2
179



3
638



(3
695



2
122























2
873



12
130



(12
136



2
867




















June&nbsp;30
 2011










































8
100



(8
028









1
513



6
103



(5
437



2
179























2
071



14
484



(13
682



2
873




















 


 
The following unaudited quarterly consolidated financial data are presented for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012. Quarterly financial
results necessarily rely on estimates and caution is required in drawing specific conclusions from quarterly consolidated results. 


































Year Ended June&nbsp;27
 2013:




















177
507



215
619



163
815



177
393





30
573



36
676



22
879



29
834





13
869



14
426



3
324



10
000





7
534



8
301







5
583


























































Year Ended June&nbsp;28
 2012:




















156
800



223
309



153
760



166
706





21
766



35
441



22
094



27
753





5
491



15
782



4
033



7
667





2
442



9
354



1
440



3
886









































The fourth quarter of fiscal 2012 contained a $900 increase in cost of sales due to a change in the estimate of on-hand quantities of bulk-stored inshell pecan and
walnut inventories. 
 


Item&nbsp;9 &#151; Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
Item&nbsp;9A &#151;


 including our Chief Executive Officer (&#147;CEO&#148;) and Chief Financial Officer (&#147;CFO&#148;)
 we conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act
 as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation
our CEO and CFO concluded that
 as of June&nbsp;27
 2013
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act
is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and is accumulated and reported to our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Exchange Act
Rule&nbsp;13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June&nbsp;27
2013
 (1992)&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation
 our management has concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of June&nbsp;27
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
June&nbsp;27
 2013 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm


internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter ended June&nbsp;27
 2013 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


 including our CEO and CFO
 does not expect that the Disclosure Controls and Procedures or our Internal Control over Financial Reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A
control
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the control&#146;s objectives will be met. Further
 the design of a control must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and
the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all internal controls
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the
individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the controls. The design of any control is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with associated policies or
procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. 
 




Item&nbsp;10 &#151;
Directors
The Sections entitled &#147;Nominees for Election by The Holders of Common
Stock
&#148; &#147;Nominees for Election by The Holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock&#148;
 &#147;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#148; and &#147;Corporate Governance &#151; Board Meetings and Committees &#151; Audit Committee&#148;
and &#147;Corporate Governance &#151; Independence of the Audit Committee&#148; of our Proxy Statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting and filed pursuant to Regulation 14A are incorporated herein by reference. Other certain information relating to the
We have adopted a Code of Ethics
applicable to the principal executive
 financial and accounting officers (&#147;Code of Ethics&#148;) and a separate Code of Conduct applicable to all employees and directors generally (&#147;Code of Conduct&#148;). The Code of Ethics and Code of
Conduct are available on our website at 
The Sections entitled &#147;Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers&#148;
 &#147;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&#148;
 &#147;Compensation

<FONT

information relating to the directors and executive officers of the Company is included immediately before Part II of this Report. 
Item&nbsp;13 &#151; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence 
The Sections entitled &#147;Corporate Governance &#151; Independence of the Board of Directors&#148; and &#147;Review of Related Party Transactions&#148;
of our Proxy Statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting are incorporated herein by reference. Other certain information relating to the directors and executive officers of the Company is included immediately before Part II of this Report. 


is incorporated herein by reference. 
 




(a)
The following financial statements are included in Part II
 Item&nbsp;8 &#151; &#147;Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data&#148;: 










Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Year Ended June&nbsp;27
 2013
 the Year Ended June&nbsp;28
 2012 and
the Year Ended June&nbsp;30
 2011



Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June&nbsp;27
 2013 and June&nbsp;28
 2012



Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Equity for the Year Ended June&nbsp;27
 2013
 the Year Ended June&nbsp;28
 2012
and the Year Ended June&nbsp;30
 2011



Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended June&nbsp;27
 2013
 the Year Ended June&nbsp;28
 2012 and the Year
Ended June&nbsp;30
 2011







All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto.


See


 




 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly
authorized. 
















JOHN B. SANFILIPPO &amp; SON
 INC.






Date: August&nbsp;28
 2013













Chief
Executive Officer
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
























August 28
 2013








Chief Financial Officer
 Group President



August 28
 2013








Senior Vice President



August 28
 2013










August 28
 2013










August 28
 2013










August 28
 2013










August 28
 2013





/s/ Jasper B. Sanfilippo


 Jr.



August 28
 2013










August 28
 2013










August 28
 2013

 



























Restated Certificate of Incorporation of John B. Sanfilippo &amp; Son








Amended and Restated Bylaws of
Registrant














Specimen Class A Common Stock
Certificate













Tax Indemnification Agreement between Registrant and certain Stockholders of Registrant prior to its initial public
offering














The Registrant&#146;s 1998 Equity Incentive
Plan














Amended and Restated John B. Sanfilippo &amp; Son
 Inc. Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement Number One among John E. Sanfilippo
 as trustee of the Jasper and Marian Sanfilippo
Irrevocable Trust
 dated September&nbsp;23
 1990
 Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Marian R. Sanfilippo and Registrant
 dated December&nbsp;31








Amended and Restated John B. Sanfilippo &amp; Son
 Inc. Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement Number Two among Michael J. Valentine
 as trustee of the Valentine Life Insurance Trust
Mathias Valentine
 Mary Valentine and Registrant
 dated December&nbsp;31








Amendment
 dated February&nbsp;12
 2004
 to Amended and Restated John B. Sanfilippo &amp; Son
 Inc. Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement Number One among John E. Sanfilippo
 as trustee
of the Jasper and Marian Sanfilippo Irrevocable Trust
 dated September&nbsp;23
 1990
 Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Marian R. Sanfilippo and Registrant
 dated December&nbsp;31








Amendment
 dated February&nbsp;12
 2004
 to Amended and Restated John B. Sanfilippo &amp; Son
 Inc. Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement Number Two among Michael J. Valentine
 as
trustee of the Valentine Life Insurance Trust
 Mathias Valentine
 Mary Valentine and Registrant
 dated December&nbsp;31
2003






Development Agreement
 dated as of May&nbsp;26
 2004
 by and between the City of Elgin
 an Illinois municipal corporation
 the Registrant
 Arthur/Busse Limited Partnership
 an
Illinois limited partnership
 and 300 East Touhy Avenue Limited Partnership
 an Illinois limited
partnership






Agreement For Sale of Real Property
 dated as of June&nbsp;18
 2004
 by and between the State of Illinois
 acting by and through its Department of Central Management Services
 and
the City of Elgin






















Amended and Restated Sanfilippo Value Added Plan
 dated August&nbsp;31








Credit Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008
 by and among the Company
 the financial institutions named therein as lenders
 Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC (&#147;WFF&#148;)
 as
the arranger and administrative agent for the lenders
 and Wachovia Capital Finance Corporation (Central)


 


















Security Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008
 by the Company in favor of WFF
 as administrative agent for the
lenders






Loan Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008








Mortgage
 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Leases and Rents and Fixture Filing
 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008
 made by the Company related to its Elgin
 Illinois property for
the benefit of TFLIC






Mortgage
 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Leases and Rents and Fixture Filing
 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008
 made by JBSS Properties
 LLC related to its Elgin
 Illinois
property for the benefit of TFLIC






Deed of Trust
 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Leases and Rents and Fixture Filing
 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008
 made by the Company related to its Gustine
 California
property for the benefit of TFLIC






Deed of Trust
 Security Agreement
 Assignment of Leases and Rents and Fixture Filing
 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008
 made by the Company related to its Garysburg
 North Carolina
property for the benefit of TFLIC






Promissory Note (Tranche A)
 dated February&nbsp;7
 2008








Promissory Note (Tranche B) dated February&nbsp;7
 2008








The Registrant&#146;s 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
















































First Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated as of March&nbsp;8
 2010
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC)
 as a lender and
administrative agent and Burdale Financial Limited
















Second Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated as of July&nbsp;15
 2011
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC)
 as a lender and
administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA for itself and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA








Third Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated as of October&nbsp;31
 2011
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC)
 as a lender and
administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA
 for itself and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA








Consent and Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated as of January&nbsp;22
 2013
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC)
 as
a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA
 for itself and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA















The Registrant&#146;s Code of Conduct
 as
amended

 

























Subsidiaries of the Registrant
 filed herewith













Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 filed herewith













Certification of Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended
 filed herewith






Certification of Michael J. Valentine pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended
 filed herewith






Certification of Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended
 filed
herewith






Certification of Michael J. Valentine pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended
 filed
herewith













XBRL Instance Document
 furnished herewith






XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
 furnished herewith






XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
 furnished herewith






XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
 furnished herewith






XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
 furnished herewith






XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document
 furnished herewith








Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this exhibit. These portions have been omitted and submitted separately to the Securities and Exchange
Commission. 



The Interactive Data Files on Exhibits 101 are deemed furnished
 not filed. 



Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;28
 2012 (Commission File No. 0-19681).




Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
 1991 (Commission File No. 0-19681).




Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Amendment No.&nbsp;3)
 Registration No.&nbsp;33-43353
 as filed with the
Commission on November&nbsp;25
 1991 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 



Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter ended September&nbsp;24
 1998 (Commission File No. 0-19681).




Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the second quarter ended December&nbsp;28
 2000 (Commission File No. 0-19681).

 





Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the second quarter ended December&nbsp;25
 2003 (Commission File No. 0-19681).




Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the third quarter ended March&nbsp;25
 2004 (Commission File No. 0-19681).




Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;24
 2004 (Commission File No. 0-19681).




Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2005 (Commission File No. 0-19681).




Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June&nbsp;28
 2007 (Commission File No. 0-19681).




Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February&nbsp;8
 2008 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 



Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter ended September&nbsp;27
 2007 (Commission File No. 0-19681).




Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the third quarter ended March&nbsp;24
 2005 (Commission File No. 0-19681).




Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the second quarter ended December&nbsp;25
 2008 (Commission File No. 0-19681).




Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November&nbsp;12
 2009 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 



Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May&nbsp;5
 2009 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 



Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March&nbsp;12
 2010 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 



Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January&nbsp;31
 2011 (Commission File No.&nbsp;0-19681). 



Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July&nbsp;18
 2011 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 



Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2011 (Commission File No. 0-19681).




Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the first quarter ended September&nbsp;29
 2011 (Commission File No. 0-19681).




Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November&nbsp;1
 2012 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 



Incorporated by reference to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February&nbsp;1
 2013 (Commission File No. 0-19681). 
 
































JBSS Real Estate
 LLC









JBSS Ventures
 LLC
























incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-87661
 333-108298
 333-154850) of John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. of our report dated August&nbsp;28
 2013 relating to the consolidated financial statements and
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 which appears in this Form 






Chicago
 Illinois

August&nbsp;28
 2013
















 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 certify that: 




I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;27
 2013; 




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 



Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 



The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 




Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the
registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 




All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
reporting. 










August&nbsp;28
 2013



























































 Michael J. Valentine
 certify that: 




I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;27
 2013; 




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 



Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 



The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 




Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the
registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 




All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
reporting. 










August&nbsp;28
 2013


































Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary
















 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO


 for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;27
 2013
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Director
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167;&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to
Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of
2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all
material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 










August&nbsp;28
 2013



























































 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO


 for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;27
 2013
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Michael J. Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer and Group President and Director
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167;&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant
to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of
2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all
material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 










August&nbsp;28
 2013


































Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary




















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 9 &amp;#x2014;
 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;At our annual meeting of
 stockholders on October&amp;#xA0;30
 2008
 our stockholders approved a
 new equity incentive plan (the&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;2008 Equity Incentive
 Plan&amp;#x201D;) pursuant to which awards of options and stock-based
 awards may be made to members of the Board of Directors
 employees
 and other individuals providing services to the Company. A total of
 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock are authorized for grants of
 awards under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
 which may be in the
 form of options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 stock
 appreciation rights (&amp;#x201C;SARs&amp;#x201D;)
 Common Stock or dividends
 and dividend equivalents. As of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 there were
 664
915 shares of Common Stock that remained authorized for future
 grants of awards
 subject to the limitations set below. A maximum
 of 500
000 of the 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock authorized under
 the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan may be used for grants of Common
 Stock
 restricted stock and restricted stock units. Additionally
 awards of options or SARs are limited to 100
000 shares annually to
 any single individual
 and awards of Common Stock
 restricted stock
 or restricted stock units are limited to 50
000 shares annually to
 any single individual. All restricted stock units granted under the
 2008 Equity Incentive Plan have vesting periods of three years for
 awards to employees and one year for awards to non-employee members
 of the Board of Directors. Recipients of restricted stock unit
 awards have the option to defer receipt of vested shares until a
 specified later date
 typically soon after separation from the
 Company. The exercise price of stock options was determined as set
 forth in the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan by the Compensation
 Committee of our Board of Directors
 and must be at least the fair
 market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as
 set forth in the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
 options expire upon
 termination of employment or directorship
 as applicable. The
 options granted under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan are
 exercisable 25% annually commencing on the first anniversary date
 of grant and become fully exercisable on the fourth anniversary
 date of grant. Options generally will expire no later than ten
 years after the date on which they are granted. We issue new shares
 of Common Stock upon exercise of stock options.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The 2008 Equity Incentive
 Plan replaced a stock option plan approved at our annual meeting of
 stockholders on October&amp;#xA0;28
 1998 (the&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;1998 Equity
 Incentive Plan&amp;#x201D;) pursuant to which awards of options and
 stock-based awards could be made. There were 700
000 shares of
 Common Stock authorized for issuance to certain key employees and
 &amp;#x201C;outside directors&amp;#x201D; (i.e.
 directors who are not
 employees of the Company). The exercise price of the options was
 determined as set forth in the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan by the
 Board of Directors and was at least the fair market value of the
 Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as set forth in the 1998
 Equity Incentive Plan
 options expire upon termination of
 employment or directorship
 as applicable. The options granted
 under the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan are exercisable 25% annually
 commencing on the first anniversary date of grant and become fully
 exercisable on the fourth anniversary date of grant. Options
 generally will expire no later than ten years after the date on
 which they are granted. We issue new shares of Common Stock upon
 exercise of stock options issued pursuant to the 1998 Equity
 Incentive Plan. Through fiscal 2007
 all of the options granted
 except those granted to outside directors
 were intended to qualify
 as incentive stock options within the meaning of Section&amp;#xA0;422
 of the Internal Revenue Code. Effective fiscal 2008
 all option
 grants are non-qualified awards. The 1998 Equity Incentive Plan
 terminated on September&amp;#xA0;1
 2008. However
 all outstanding
 options issued pursuant to the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan will
 continue to be governed by the terms of the 1998 Equity Incentive
 Plan and their respective award agreements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We determine the fair value
 of stock option awards using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
 model. The following weighted-average assumptions were used to
 determine the fair value of options granted for the last three
 fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Risk-free interest
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected dividend
 yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected
 volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;42.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;43.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected life
 (years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The expected term of the
 awards was determined using the &amp;#x201C;simplified method&amp;#x201D; as
 stated in SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No.&amp;#xA0;107 that utilizes
 the following formula: ((vesting term + original contract term)/2).
 Expected stock volatility was determined based on historical
 volatility for the 6.25 year-period preceding the measurement date.
 The risk-free rate was based on the yield curve in effect at the
 time the options were granted
 using U.S. treasury constant
 maturities over the expected life of the option. Expected
 forfeitures were determined based upon our expectations and past
 experiences. Expected dividend yield was based on our dividend
 policy at the time the options were granted.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following is a summary
 of stock option activity for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Remaining&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;205
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(92
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;115
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercisable at
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;112
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The number of stock options
 vested
 and expected to vest in the future
 as of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 is not significantly different from the number of stock
 options outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 as stated above. All
 options granted during fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012
 and fiscal 2011
 were at exercise prices equal to the market price of Common Stock
 at the grant date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 summarizes the weighted-average grant-date fair value of option
 awards granted
 the total intrinsic value of all options exercised
 and the total cash received from the exercise of options for the
 last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average grant date
 fair value of options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total intrinsic value of
 options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;535&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total cash received from
 exercise of options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following is a summary
 of non-vested stock options for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 27pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Grant-Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-vested at
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-vested at June
 27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercise prices for options
 outstanding as of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 ranged from $7.95 to $32.30
 and may be segregated into two ranges
 as shown below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Option Price Per Share
 Range&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;$7.95&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;$11.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;$14.73&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;$32.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Number of
 options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;58
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average exercise
 price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average remaining
 life in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Number of options
 exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average exercise
 price for exercisable options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Restricted stock units
 granted to employees and outside directors vest over a three-year
 and one-year period
 respectively. The fair value of restricted
 stock awards is determined based on the market price of our Common
 Stock on the date of grant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following is a summary
 of restricted stock unit activity for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 76pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted
 Stock Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Grant-Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0; Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at June
 28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;220
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66
294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(64
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at June
 27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;215
294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;At June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 there
 were 37
500 restricted stock units outstanding that were vested but
 deferred. At June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012 there were 34
000 restricted stock
 units outstanding that were vested but deferred. The non-vested
 restricted stock units at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 will vest over a
 weighted-average period of 1.2 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In the first quarter of
 fiscal 2011 we granted 10
000 SARs to a marketing consultant which
 vested over a three year period and have a ten year term. In the
 third quarter of fiscal 2013 the consultant exercised 7
500 of the
 SARs and the Compensation Committee accelerated the vesting of the
 remaining awards. At June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 the remaining liability for
 the SAR&amp;#x2019;s is insignificant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Under the fair value
 recognition provisions of ASC Topic 718
 stock-based compensation
 is measured at the grant-date based on the fair value of the award
 and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.
 The following table summarizes compensation cost charged to
 earnings for all equity compensation plans and the total income tax
 benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Compensation cost charged
 to earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income tax benefit
 recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;At June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 there was $994 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to
 non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under our
 stock-based compensation plans. We expect to recognize that cost
 over a weighted-average period of 1.2 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following is a summary
 of restricted stock unit activity for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 76pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted
 Stock Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Grant-Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0; Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at June
 28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;220
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66
294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(64
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at June
 27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;215
294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting
 Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In February 2013
 the FASB
 issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-02
 &amp;#x201C;Comprehensive Income (Topic
 220)&amp;#x2014;Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income.&amp;#x201D; The new guidance requires
 presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on
 the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the
 notes
 information about significant amounts required under U.S.
 GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
 income in their entirety. For amounts not required to be
 reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required
 to cross-reference to other disclosures that provide additional
 details about those amounts. This guidance is effective for fiscal
 years beginning on or after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2012
 and interim
 periods within those annual periods. The Company will adopt this
 guidance during fiscal 2014 and does not expect the adoption to
 have a material effect on our financial position
 results of
 operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Facility Consolidation
 Project/Real Estate Transactions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In April 2005
 we acquired
 property to be used for the Elgin Site. Two buildings are located
 on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an office building.
 Approximately 71% of the office building is currently vacant. The
 other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and modified for use as
 our principal processing facility and headquarters. The allocation
 of the purchase price to the two buildings was determined through a
 third party appraisal. The value assigned to the office building is
 included in rental investment property on the balance sheet. The
 value assigned to the warehouse building is included in
 &amp;#x201C;Property
 plant and equipment&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The net rental expense from
 the office building is included in the caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and
 miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross rental income and Rental
 (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal years are as
 follows:&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross rental
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rental (expense)
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected future gross
 rental income under operating leases within the office building is
 as follows for the fiscal years ending:&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 25
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 29
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 28
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On March&amp;#xA0;28
 2006
 our
 wholly-owned subsidiary JBSS Properties
 LLC acquired title by
 quitclaim deed to the site that was originally purchased in Elgin
 Illinois (the &amp;#x201C;Old Elgin Site&amp;#x201D;) for our facility
 consolidation project and also entered into an Assignment and
 Assumption Agreement (the &amp;#x201C;Agreement&amp;#x201D;) with the City of
 Elgin (the &amp;#x201C;City&amp;#x201D;). In the third quarter of fiscal
 2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its properties and
 agreements to JBSS Real Estate
 LLC. Under the terms of the
 Agreement
 the City assigned to us the City&amp;#x2019;s remaining
 rights and obligations under a development agreement entered into
 by and among the Company
 certain related party partnerships and
 the City (the &amp;#x201C;Development Agreement&amp;#x201D;). The Mortgage
 Facility is secured
 in part
 by the Old Elgin Site. We must obtain
 the consent of the Mortgage Lender (as defined below) prior to the
 sale of the Old Elgin Site. Also
 the State of Illinois
 the
 original owner of the Old Elgin Site that sold it to the City
 has
 the option to repurchase the Old Elgin Site. We currently have an
 agreed upon sales contract and the State of Illinois has waived its
 repurchase option. Consequently
 we have classified these assets as
 held for sale in the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 15. A
 portion of the Old Elgin Site contains an office building (which we
 began renting to a third-party during the third quarter of fiscal
 2007) that will likely be included in any future sale. We incurred
 $6
806 of gross costs under the Development Agreement
 and had
 carrying values of $6
175 and $6
228 at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 respectively. These costs are recorded as
 &amp;#x201C;Assets held for sale&amp;#x201D; at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and
 &amp;#x201C;Rental investment property&amp;#x201D; at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In September 2012
 we
 completed the sale of land and a building where we owned and
 operated a retail store in Barrington
 Illinois. Proceeds from the
 sale were $870
 net of expenses of $45
 and resulted in a pre-tax
 gain of $660 which is recorded in &amp;#x201C;Administrative
 expenses&amp;#x201D; for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 3 &amp;#x2014;
 INTANGIBLE ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Intangible assets subject
 to amortization consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer
 relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-compete
 agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Brand names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total intangible assets
 gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer
 relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-compete
 agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Brand names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
991&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total accumulated
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(16
215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(13
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net intangible
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer relationships and
 the non-compete agreement relate wholly to the Orchard Valley
 Harvest (&amp;#x201C;OVH&amp;#x201D;) acquisition completed in fiscal 2010.
 Customer relationships are being amortized on a straight line basis
 over seven years. The non-compete agreement is being amortized
 based upon the expected pattern of cash flow annual benefit over a
 five year period. The brand name consists primarily of the
 &lt;i&gt;Fisher&lt;/i&gt; brand name
 which we acquired in a 1995 acquisition.
 The &lt;i&gt;Fisher&lt;/i&gt; brand name became fully amortized in fiscal 2011.
 The remainder of the brand name relates to the OVH acquisition and
 is being amortized on a straight line basis over five
 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total amortization expense
 related to intangible assets
 which is classified in administrative
 expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
 was
 as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of intangible
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
973&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected amortization
 expense for the next five fiscal years is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year
 ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 26
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 25
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 29
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 28
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Goodwill&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In accordance with
 authoritative guidance on goodwill under the provisions of ASC 350
 &amp;#x201C;Intangibles-Goodwill and Other&amp;#x201D;
 goodwill is subject
 to impairment testing at least annually or more frequently if an
 event occurs or conditions change that would more likely than not
 reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value.
 We performed our impairment test
 annually during the fourth
 quarter
 using the two-step method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We completed an acquisition
 of certain assets and liabilities of Orchard Valley Harvest
 (&amp;#x201C;OVH&amp;#x201D;) during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010.
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011
 we experienced a
 significant decline in the market value and operating results of
 the Company driven by challenging market conditions and also
 performed our annual impairment analysis under the provisions of
 ASC 350. Based upon our analysis
 we concluded that the entire
 goodwill balance of $5
662 was impaired.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 7 &amp;#x2014;
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Operating
 Leases&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We lease certain equipment
 pursuant to agreements accounted for as operating leases. Rent
 expense aggregated under these operating leases was as follows for
 the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rent expense related to
 operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
414&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Aggregate non-cancelable
 lease commitments under these operating leases with initial or
 remaining terms greater than one year are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 26
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 25
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 29
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;791&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 28
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Litigation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We are currently a party to
 various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business
 including the proceeding noted below. While management presently
 believes that the ultimate outcomes of these proceedings
 individually and in the aggregate
 will not materially affect our
 financial position
 results of operations or cash flows
 legal
 proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties
 and unfavorable
 outcomes could occur. Unfavorable outcomes could include
 substantial money damages in excess of any appropriate accruals
 which management has established. Were such unfavorable final
 outcomes to occur
 there exists the possibility of a material
 adverse effect on our financial position
 results of operations and
 cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cardenas et. al. v John
 B. Sanfilippo&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Son
 Inc.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In fiscal 2010
 a class
 action wage and hour lawsuit was filed against us in the U.S.
 District Court for the Northern District of Illinois (the
 &amp;#x201C;District Court&amp;#x201D;) under the Illinois Minimum Wage Law
 (&amp;#x201C;IMWL&amp;#x201D;) and the Fair Labor Standards Act
 (&amp;#x201C;FLSA&amp;#x201D;). The plaintiffs claimed damages under the IMWL
 in an amount equal to all unpaid back pay alleged to be owed to the
 plaintiffs
 prejudgment interest on the back pay
 punitive damages
 attorneys&amp;#x2019; fees and costs
 and an injunction precluding the
 Company from violating the IMWL. The plaintiffs additionally
 claimed damages under the FLSA in an amount equal to all back pay
 alleged to be owed to the plaintiffs
 prejudgment interest on the
 back pay
 liquidated damages equal to the amount of unpaid back
 wages
 and attorneys&amp;#x2019; fees and costs. In fiscal 2011
 the
 plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint in which they alleged
 that the Company maintained and maintains a practice regarding the
 rounding of employees&amp;#x2019; time entries which violates the IMWL
 and the FLSA.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Following mediation during
 fiscal 2011 in order to cover an expanded scope of wage and hour
 claims
 plaintiffs and facilities
 we agreed in principle to a
 $2
600 settlement (the &amp;#x201C;Settlement Agreement&amp;#x201D;). In the
 fourth quarter of fiscal 2011
 the Settlement Agreement was
 finalized and preliminarily approved by the District Court which
 included a provision allowing for a reverter payment if all or some
 class members do not submit claim forms. We recorded an accrual of
 $1
950 in fiscal 2011 for the class action wage and hour lawsuit
 which was our best estimate of the payout to class members who
 submitted claim forms
 net of any estimated reverter payout to the
 Company and other agreed upon payouts pursuant to the settlement
 agreement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During the first quarter of
 fiscal 2012
 the Court issued a final approval of the Settlement
 Agreement which did not have a material impact on earnings during
 fiscal 2012. The case was closed and formally dismissed by the
 Court during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. Pursuant to the
 terms of the Settlement Agreement
 we paid $2
600 to the claims
 administrator during the first quarter of fiscal 2012 and received
 a reverter payment for unclaimed settlement funds of approximately
 $665 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Authoritative guidance
 issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) defines fair value as the price that would be
 received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
 transaction between market participants on the measurement date.
 The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes
 observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value into
 three broad levels:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2013;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the
 measurement date for identical assets and liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2013;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets.
 For example
 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in
 active markets or quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities
 in inactive markets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2013;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data
 available.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The carrying values of
 cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate
 their fair values at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 because of the short-term maturities and nature of these
 balances.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The carrying value of our
 Credit Facility (as defined below) borrowings approximates fair
 value at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012 because interest
 rates on this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2
 criteria)
 the short term maturity and nature of this balance. In
 addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent
 credit risk.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The estimated fair value of
 long-term debt
 including current maturities
 at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012 was $46
059 and $53
327
 respectively
 and
 the related carrying value was $42
355 and $48
930
 respectively.
 The estimated fair value of our long-term debt was determined using
 a market approach based upon Level 2 observable inputs
 which
 estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on
 loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or
 broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes
 in the underlying assets securing our long-term debt.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue
 Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We recognize revenue when
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has transferred
 (based upon terms of shipment)
 price is fixed
 delivery occurs and
 collection is reasonably assured. We sell our products under some
 arrangements which include customer contracts which fix the sales
 price for periods
 typically of up to one year
 for some industrial
 customers and through specific programs consisting of promotion
 allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer customers and commercial ingredient
 users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the
 terms of specific arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of
 rebates and promotion and marketing allowances. Revenues are also
 recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for
 based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to
 return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product
 returns have been insignificant. Provisions for returns are
 reflected as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based upon
 customer specific circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling
 costs are included in revenues.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 17 &amp;#x2014;
 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table details
 the activity in various allowance and reserve accounts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 39pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Beginning&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;of
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Allowance for doubtful
 accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for customer
 deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for cash
 discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(9
899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax asset
 valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(14
394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Allowance for doubtful
 accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for cash
 discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for customer
 deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
695&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(12
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Allowance for doubtful
 accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(217&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for cash
 discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for customer
 deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
437&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
484&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(13
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents the components of AOCL that have not yet been recognized
 in net pension expense:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unrecognized net
 gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
257&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unrecognized prior service
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Tax effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net amount
 unrecognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following is a summary
 of stock option activity for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Remaining&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;205
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(92
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;115
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercisable at
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;112
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Comprehensive
 Income&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We account for
 comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#x201C;Comprehensive Income&amp;#x201D;. This topic establishes
 standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its
 components in a full set of general-purpose financial statements.
 The topic requires that all components of comprehensive income be
 reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same
 prominence as other financial statements. This topic also requires
 all non-owner changes in stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity be presented in
 either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in
 two separate but consecutive statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cost is depreciated using
 the straight-line method over the following estimated useful
 lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Machinery and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Furniture and leasehold
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Computers and
 software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected amortization
 expense for the next five fiscal years is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year
 ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 26
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 25
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 29
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 28
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The components of the net
 periodic pension cost are as follows for the fiscal years
 ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Recognized gain
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prior service cost
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net periodic pension
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
870&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock options excluded from the
 computation of diluted earnings per share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0; 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0; 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0; 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;107
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;125
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average exercise
 price:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling
 Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shipping and handling
 costs
 which include freight and other expenses to prepare finished
 goods for shipment
 are included in selling expenses. Shipping and
 handling costs for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shipping and handling
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 4 &amp;#x2014; REVOLVING
 CREDIT FACILITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On February&amp;#xA0;7
 2008
 we entered into a Credit Agreement with a bank group (the
 &amp;#x201C;Bank Lenders&amp;#x201D;) providing a $117
500 revolving loan
 commitment and letter of credit subfacility (the &amp;#x201C;Credit
 Facility&amp;#x201D;). Also on February&amp;#xA0;7
 2008
 we entered into a
 Loan Agreement with an insurance company (the &amp;#x201C;Mortgage
 Lender&amp;#x201D;) providing us with two term loans
 one in the amount
 of $36
000 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche A&amp;#x201D;) and the other in the amount of
 $9
000 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche B&amp;#x201D;)
 for an aggregate amount of
 $45
000 (the &amp;#x201C;Mortgage Facility&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Credit Facility
 as
 amended
 is secured by substantially all our assets other than real
 property and fixtures. The Mortgage Facility is secured by
 mortgages on essentially all of our owned real property located in
 Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina
 (the &amp;#x201C;Encumbered Properties&amp;#x201D;). The encumbered Elgin
 Illinois real property includes almost all of the Old Elgin Site
 that was purchased prior to our purchase of the land in Elgin
 Illinois
 on which our Chicago area operations are now
 consolidated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On July&amp;#xA0;15
 2011
 we
 entered into a Second Amendment to the Credit Facility (the
 &amp;#x201C;Second Amendment&amp;#x201D;) which extended the maturity date of
 the Credit Facility from February&amp;#xA0;7
 2013 to July&amp;#xA0;15
 2016. In addition
 the Second Amendment increases the amount by
 which we may increase the revolving credit commitment available
 under the Credit Facility from $15
000 to $22
500.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On October&amp;#xA0;31
 2011
 we entered into a Third Amendment to the Credit Facility (the
 &amp;#x201C;Third Amendment&amp;#x201D;). The Third Amendment permits an
 additional 5% of outstanding accounts receivable from a major
 customer to be included as eligible in the borrowing base
 calculation
 and the Third Amendment also made technical
 modifications to definitions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On January&amp;#xA0;22
 2013
 we entered into a Consent and Fourth Amendment to the Credit
 Facility which permitted us to sell certain intellectual property
 assets and invest in the capital stock of a company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The portion of the
 borrowing base calculation based upon machinery and equipment will
 decrease by $1
500 per year for the first five years to coincide
 with depreciation of the machinery and equipment collateral. As of
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 the weighted average
 interest rate for the Credit Facility was 2.23% and 2.36%
 respectively. The terms of the Credit Facility contain covenants
 that require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 capital
 expenditures
 acquisitions and certain sales of assets
 cash
 dividends
 redemptions of capital stock and prepayment of
 indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among other things
 is of a
 subordinate debt). If loan availability under the Borrowing Base
 Calculation falls below $25
000
 we will be required to maintain a
 specified fixed charge coverage ratio
 tested on a monthly basis.
 All cash received from customers is required to be applied against
 the Credit Facility. The Bank Lenders are entitled to require
 immediate repayment of our obligations under the Credit Facility in
 the event of default on the payments required under the Credit
 Facility
 a change in control in the ownership of the Company
 non-compliance with the financial covenants or upon the occurrence
 of certain other defaults by us under the Credit Facility
 (including a default under the Mortgage Facility). As of
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 we were in compliance with all covenants under
 the Credit Facility and we currently expect to be in compliance
 with the financial covenant in the Credit Facility for the
 foreseeable future. As of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 we had $81
608 of
 available credit under the Credit Facility which reflects
 borrowings of $31
867 and reduced availability as a result of
 $4
025 in outstanding letters of credit. We would still be in
 compliance with all restrictive covenants under the Credit Facility
 if this entire amount were borrowed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Aggregate non-cancelable
 lease commitments under these operating leases with initial or
 remaining terms greater than one year are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 26
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 25
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 29
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;791&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 28
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounts
 Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accounts receivable are
 stated at the amounts charged to customers
 less allowances for
 doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated cash discounts and
 customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful accounts is
 calculated by specifically identifying customers that are credit
 risks and estimating the extent that other non-specifically
 identified customers will become credit risks. Account balances are
 charged off against the allowance when we conclude that it is
 probable the receivable will not be recovered. The reserve for
 estimated cash discounts is based on historical experience. The
 reserve for customer deductions represents known customer short
 payments and an estimate of future credit memos that will be issued
 to customers related to rebates and allowances for marketing and
 promotions based on historical experience.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following
 weighted-average assumptions were used to determine the fair value
 of options granted for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Risk-free interest
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected dividend
 yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected
 volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;42.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;43.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected life
 (years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 18 &amp;#x2014;
 SUPPLEMENTARY QUARTERLY DATA (Unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following unaudited
 quarterly consolidated financial data are presented for fiscal 2013
 and fiscal 2012. Quarterly financial results necessarily rely on
 estimates and caution is required in drawing specific conclusions
 from quarterly consolidated results.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;177
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;215
619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;163
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;177
393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;30
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;29
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income from
 operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
869&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
583&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic earnings per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted earnings per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&amp;#xA0;(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;156
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;223
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;153
760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;166
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income from
 operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic earnings per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted earnings per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2012 contained a $900 increase in cost of sales due to a
 change in the estimate of on-hand quantities of bulk-stored inshell
 pecan and walnut inventories.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Aggregate maturities of
 long-term debt are as follows for the fiscal years
 ending:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 25
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 29
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 28
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;42
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 2 &amp;#x2014;
 INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories consist of the
 following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Raw material and
 supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;80
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Work-in-process and
 finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;77
781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;73
522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;158
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;146
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 8 &amp;#x2014;
 STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#x2019; EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Our Class&amp;#xA0;A Common
 Stock
 $.01 par value (the &amp;#x201C;Class A Stock&amp;#x201D;)
 has
 cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of those
 directors which the holders of Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock are entitled to
 elect
 and 10 votes per share on all other matters on which holders
 of our Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock and Common Stock are entitled to vote
 with the exception of election of the directors for which the
 holders of Common Stock are eligible to elect. In addition
 each
 share of Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock is convertible at the option of the
 holder at any time into one share of Common Stock and automatically
 converts into one share of Common Stock upon any sale or transfer
 other than to related individuals. Each share of our Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the &amp;#x201C;Common Stock&amp;#x201D;) has noncumulative
 voting rights of one vote per share. The Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock and the
 Common Stock are entitled to share equally
 on a share-for-share
 basis
 in any cash dividends declared by the Board of Directors
 and the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to elect 25%
 rounded up to the nearest whole number
 of the members comprising
 the Board of Directors.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 12 &amp;#x2014; EMPLOYEE
 BENEFIT PLANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We maintain a contributory
 plan established pursuant to the provisions of section 401(k) of
 the Internal Revenue Code. The plan provides retirement benefits
 for all nonunion employees meeting minimum age and service
 requirements. We currently match 100% of the first three percent
 contributed by each employee and 50% of the next two percent
 contributed
 up to certain maximums specified in the plan. Our
 expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the last three
 fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;401(k) plan
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;554&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During the first quarter of
 fiscal 2009
 we recorded a long-term liability of $868 for the
 withdrawal from the multiemployer plan (&amp;#x201C;Route
 pension&amp;#x201D;) for the step-van drivers that were employed for our
 store-door delivery system that was discontinued during the third
 quarter of fiscal 2008. Pursuant to terms of settlement with a
 labor union
 we are making monthly payments of $8 (including
 interest) through April 2022.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The total route pension
 liability was as follows for the last two fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Route pension
 liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;646&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Virtually all of our
 salaried employees participate in our Sanfilippo Value Added Plan
 (as amended
 the &amp;#x201C;SVA Plan&amp;#x201D;) which is a non-equity cash
 incentive plan (an economic value added-based program) administered
 by our Compensation Committee. We accrue expense related to the SVA
 Plan in the annual period that the economic performance underlying
 such performance occurs. This method of expense recognition
 properly matches the expense associated with improved economic
 performance with the period the improved performance occurs on a
 systematic and rational basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We also employ several
 union-represented employees and contribute to one multiemployer
 defined benefit pension plan and one multiemployer defined
 contribution plan under the terms of a collective bargaining
 agreement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The risks of participating
 in the multiemployer pension plan are different from
 single-employer pension plan for the following reasons:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amounts contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer
 may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating
 employers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the
 unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining
 participating employers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;If we choose to stop participating in the plan
 we may be
 required to pay the plan an amount based on the unfunded status of
 the plan
 referred to as the withdrawal liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The estimated withdrawal
 liability at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 is not significant. Contributions
 to these plans for the last three fiscal years were not
 significant. The Pension Protection Act certified zone status was
 green as of June&amp;#xA0;30
 2012 which was the date of the most
 recent annual funding notice.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 summarizes the weighted-average grant-date fair value of option
 awards granted
 the total intrinsic value of all options exercised
 and the total cash received from the exercise of options for the
 last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average grant date
 fair value of options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total intrinsic value of
 options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;535&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total cash received from
 exercise of options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories consist of the
 following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Raw material and
 supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;80
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Work-in-process and finished
 goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;77
781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;73
522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;158
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;146
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents the changes in the projected benefit obligation for the
 fiscal years ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in projected
 benefit obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Actuarial (gain)
 loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents the benefits expected to be paid in the next ten fiscal
 years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 37pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2019 &amp;#x2014;
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following unaudited
 quarterly consolidated financial data are presented for fiscal 2013
 and fiscal 2012. Quarterly financial results necessarily rely on
 estimates and caution is required in drawing specific conclusions
 from quarterly consolidated results.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;177
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;215
619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;163
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;177
393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;30
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;29
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income from
 operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
869&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
583&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic earnings per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted earnings per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&amp;#xA0;(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;156
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;223
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;153
760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;166
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income from
 operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic earnings per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted earnings per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2012 contained a $900 increase in cost of sales due to a
 change in the estimate of on-hand quantities of bulk-stored inshell
 pecan and walnut inventories.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred Financing
 Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred financing costs
 are incurred to obtain long-term financing and are amortized using
 the effective interest method over the term of the related debt.
 The amortization of deferred financing costs
 which is classified
 in interest expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
 income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of deferred
 financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 5 &amp;#x2014; LONG-TERM
 DEBT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Long-term debt consists of
 the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mortgage Facility
 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche A&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in
 monthly principal installments of $200 plus interest at
 7.63%&amp;#xA0;per annum through February 2023 with a final principal
 payment of $600 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mortgage Facility
 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche B&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in
 monthly principal installments of $50 plus interest at the greater
 of one month LIBOR plus 4.00%&amp;#xA0;per annum or 5.00% through
 February 2023 with a final principal payment of $150 on
 March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Industrial development
 bonds
 collateralized by building
 machinery and equipment with a
 cost aggregating $8
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Selma
 Texas facility
 financing obligation to related parties
 due in monthly
 installments of $121 through September&amp;#xA0;1
 2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Equipment loan
 collateralized by machinery and equipment
 monthly installments of
 $30 through December 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Capitalized equipment
 leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;42
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;48
930&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: Current
 maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(12
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total long-term
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;33
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We are subject to periodic
 interest rate resets for each of Tranche A and Tranche B.
 Specifically
 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2018 (the &amp;#x201C;Tranche A Reset
 Date&amp;#x201D;) and March&amp;#xA0;1
 2014 and every two years thereafter
 (each
 a &amp;#x201C;Tranche B Reset Date&amp;#x201D;)
 the&amp;#xA0;Mortgage
 Lender&amp;#xA0;may reset the interest rates for each of Tranche A and
 Tranche B
 respectively
 in its sole and absolute discretion. If
 the reset interest rate for either Tranche A or Tranche B is
 unacceptable to us and we (i)&amp;#xA0;do not have sufficient funds to
 repay amounts due with respect to Tranche A or Tranche B on the
 Tranche A Reset Date or Tranche B Reset Date
 in each case
 as
 applicable
 or (ii)&amp;#xA0;are unable to refinance amounts due with
 respect to Tranche A or Tranche B on the Tranche A Reset Date or
 Tranche B Reset Date
 in each case
 as applicable
 on terms more
 favorable than the reset interest rates
 then
 depending on the
 extent of the changes in the reset interest rates
 our interest
 expense could increase materially.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Tranche A under the
 Mortgage Facility accrues interest at a fixed interest rate of
 7.63%&amp;#xA0;per annum
 payable monthly. As mentioned above
 such
 interest rate may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on the Tranche A
 Reset Date. Tranche B under the Mortgage Facility accrues interest
 as reset on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2012
 at a floating rate of the greater
 of one month LIBOR plus 4.00%&amp;#xA0;per annum or 5.00%
 payable
 monthly. The margin on such floating rate may be reset by the
 Mortgage Lender on each Tranche B Reset Date; provided
 however
 that the Mortgage Lender may also change the underlying index on
 each Tranche B Reset Date occurring on or after March&amp;#xA0;1
 2016.
 We do not currently anticipate that any change in the floating rate
 or the underlying index will have a material adverse effect upon
 our business
 financial condition or results of
 operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The terms of the Mortgage
 Facility contain covenants that require us to maintain a specified
 net worth of $110
000 and maintain the Encumbered Properties. The
 Mortgage Facility is secured
 in part
 by the Old Elgin Site. We
 must obtain the consent of the Mortgage Lender prior to the sale of
 the Old Elgin Site. A portion of the Old Elgin Site contains an
 office building (which we began renting during the third quarter of
 fiscal 2007) that will likely be included in any future sale. The
 Mortgage Lender is entitled to require immediate repayment of our
 obligations under the Mortgage Facility in the event we default in
 the payments required under the Mortgage Facility
 non-compliance
 with the covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults
 by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 we
 were in compliance with all covenants under the Mortgage Facility.
 We currently believe that we will be in compliance with the
 financial covenants in the Mortgage Facility for the foreseeable
 future and therefore $21
400 has been classified as long-term debt
 as of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 which represents scheduled principal
 payments under Tranche A that are due beyond twelve months. All
 $5
950 outstanding under Tranche B is classified as short-term debt
 as of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 since the Mortgage Lender has the option
 to use any proceeds of any sale of the site that was originally
 purchased by the Company in Elgin
 Illinois to reduce the amount
 outstanding under Tranche B.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We financed the
 construction of a peanut shelling plant in Bainbridge
 Georgia with
 industrial development bonds in 1987. On June&amp;#xA0;1
&amp;#xA0;2011
 we
 remarketed the bonds
 resetting the interest rate at 3.00% through
 May 2013
 and at a market rate to be determined thereafter. On
 June&amp;#xA0;1
 2013
 and on each subsequent interest reset date for
 the bonds
 we are required to redeem the bonds at face value plus
 any accrued and unpaid interest
 unless a bondholder elects to
 retain his or her bonds. We had the option at any time
 however
 subject to certain conditions
 to redeem the bonds at face value
 plus accrued interest
 if any. We exercised that option in June
 2013 and paid $3
290 to fully redeem the bonds.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In September 2006
 we sold
 our Selma
 Texas properties to two related party partnerships for
 $14
300 and are leasing them back. The selling price was determined
 by an independent appraiser to be the fair market value which also
 approximated our carrying value. The lease for the Selma
 Texas
 properties has a ten-year term at a fair market value rent with
 three five-year renewal options. Also
 we have an option to
 purchase the properties from the partnerships after five years at
 95% (100% in certain circumstances) of the then fair market value
 but not to be less than the $14
300 purchase price. The financing
 obligation is being accounted for similar to the accounting for a
 capital lease
 whereby the $14
300 was recorded as a debt
 obligation
 as the provisions of the arrangement are not eligible
 for sale-leaseback accounting. As of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 $12
585 of
 the debt obligation was outstanding.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Aggregate maturities of
 long-term debt are as follows for the fiscal years
 ending:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 25
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 29
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 28
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;42
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories
 which consist
 principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit
 and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of
 cost (first-in
 first-out) or market which approximates actual
 cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at least quarterly. Fluctuations
 in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews
 and other nuts may affect the value of inventory
 gross profit and
 gross profit margin. When expected market sales prices move below
 costs
 we record adjustments to write down the carrying values of
 inventories to the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market.
 The results of our shelling process can also result in changes to
 inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus
 expected crop yields. We maintain significant inventories of
 bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of
 inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based on our inventory
 systems and are subject to quarterly physical verification
 techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The
 quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are
 generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen month period
 at which
 time revisions to any estimates are also recorded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We store a large amount of
 peanut inventory on behalf of the United States government at
 various facilities. As a licensed United States Department of
 Agriculture Nut Warehouse Operator
 to the extent that we do not
 purchase these peanuts
 we are responsible for delivering the loan
 value of the peanut inventory in our possession as represented on
 the warehouse receipt to the holder of the warehouse receipt on
 demand. We are responsible for any decline in the value of the
 peanut inventory due to a decline in quality or shrinkage in excess
 of an allowable amount. No such declines in value are currently
 anticipated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property
 Plant and
 Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment are stated at cost. Major improvements that extend the
 useful life
 add capacity
 or add functionality are capitalized and
 charged to expense through depreciation. Repairs and maintenance
 are charged to expense as incurred. The cost and accumulated
 depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the
 respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is recognized currently
 in operating income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Depreciation expense for
 the last three fiscal years is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0; 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0; 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0; 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Depreciation
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cost is depreciated using
 the straight-line method over the following estimated useful
 lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Machinery and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Furniture and leasehold
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Computers and
 software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;No interest costs were
 capitalized for the last three fiscal years due to the lack of any
 significant project.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercise prices for options
 outstanding as of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 ranged from $7.95 to $32.30
 and may be segregated into two ranges
 as shown below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Option Price Per Share
 Range&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;$7.95&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;$11.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;$14.73&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;$32.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Number of
 options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;58
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average exercise
 price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average remaining
 life in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Number of options
 exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average exercise
 price for exercisable options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the annual effective tax rate on
 income from continuing operations
 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits
 that would affect annual effective tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following is a summary
 of non-vested stock options for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 27pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Grant-Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-vested at
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-vested at June
 27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 6 &amp;#x2014; INCOME
 TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The provision (benefit) for
 income taxes for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total income tax expense
 (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The reconciliations of
 income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate to income
 taxes reported in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
 income for the last three fiscal years are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal statutory income
 tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State income taxes
 net of
 federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(18.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and development
 tax credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Domestic manufacturing
 deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(10.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Effective tax
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The impact of the rate
 reconciling items for fiscal 2011 is greater than fiscal 2013 and
 fiscal 2012 primarily because income before income taxes is lower
 in fiscal year 2011. The significant items (on after-tax basis)
 impacting the fiscal 2011 rate include the following: (i)&amp;#xA0;$190
 of state tax benefit related to release of state valuation
 allowance due to change in state law and our expected utilization
 of state investment tax credits
 $138 of state tax benefit related
 to out of period adjustment for excess state tax over book
 depreciation available in future periods
 $74 of state tax benefit
 due to favorable resolution of state tax audit
 $124 of state tax
 benefit for tax rate changes and tax provision adjustments;
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;$160 of tax benefit related to the current year research
 and development credit and the reinstatement of the prior year
 research and development credit; (iii)&amp;#xA0;$297 of tax benefit
 related to the Domestic Production Activities Deduction; and
 (iv)&amp;#xA0;$41 of net tax benefit primarily related to a lower
 federal income tax bracket of 34% due to a lower level of fiscal
 2011 federal taxable income as well as other miscellaneous
 permanent adjustments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets and
 liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences
 of temporary differences between the financial statement basis and
 the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted statutory tax
 rates applicable to future years. Deferred tax assets and
 liabilities are comprised of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=9&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accounts
 receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Employee
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Workers&amp;#x2019;
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net current deferred tax
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Long term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=9&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Capitalized
 leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill and intangible
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Operating loss
 carry-forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;641&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Retirement plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Workers
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Equity method
 investment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total long-term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
335&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net long-term deferred tax
 assets (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total net deferred tax
 assets (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In assessing the
 realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
 tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of
 deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future
 taxable income of the character necessary during the periods in
 which those temporary differences become deductible. Management
 considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 (including the impact of available carryback and carryforward
 periods)
 projected future taxable income
 and tax-planning
 strategies in making this assessment. The net change in the total
 valuation allowance was an increase of $815 in fiscal 2013 and a
 decrease of $68 in fiscal 2012. The valuation allowance at
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 is entirely related to the deferred tax assets
 that were created as a result of our investment in
 and sale of
 intellectual property rights to
 an unconsolidated variable
 interest entity. If or when recognized
 the tax benefits relating
 to any reversal of the valuation allowance will be recognized as a
 reduction of income tax expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We have gross state tax net
 operating losses of approximately $5
040 that will expire between
 2017 and 2030 if not utilized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We have gross state tax
 credits of $239 which do not expire.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;For the years ending
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012 unrecognized tax benefits
 and accrued interest and penalties were not material. There were no
 material changes to the amount of unrecognized tax benefits or
 interest and penalties during any of the periods presented. Total
 gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits were $139 and $133 at
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the annual effective tax rate on
 income from continuing operations
 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits
 that would affect annual effective tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We do not anticipate that
 total unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the
 next twelve months.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;There were certain changes
 in state tax laws during the period the impact of which was
 insignificant. We file income tax returns with federal and state
 tax authorities within the United States of America. Our federal
 tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2011 and later. Our
 Illinois tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2009 and later.
 Our California tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2008 and
 later. No other tax jurisdictions are material to us.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Research and Development
 Expenses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and development
 expense represents the cost of our research and development
 personnel and their related expenses and are charged to selling
 expenses as incurred. Research and development expense for the last
 three fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and development
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Long-term debt consists of
 the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mortgage Facility
 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche A&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in
 monthly principal installments of $200 plus interest at
 7.63%&amp;#xA0;per annum through February 2023 with a final principal
 payment of $600 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mortgage Facility
 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche B&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in
 monthly principal installments of $50 plus interest at the greater
 of one month LIBOR plus 4.00%&amp;#xA0;per annum or 5.00% through
 February 2023 with a final principal payment of $150 on
 March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Industrial development
 bonds
 collateralized by building
 machinery and equipment with a
 cost aggregating $8
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Selma
 Texas facility
 financing obligation to related parties
 due in monthly
 installments of $121 through September&amp;#xA0;1
 2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Equipment loan
 collateralized by machinery and equipment
 monthly installments of
 $30 through December 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Capitalized equipment
 leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;42
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;48
930&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: Current
 maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(12
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total long-term
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;33
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Significant Customers
 and Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The highly competitive
 nature of our business provides an environment for the loss of
 customers and the opportunity to gain new customers. We are subject
 to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts
 receivable
 and attempt to mitigate this risk through our credit
 evaluation process
 collection terms and through geographical
 dispersion of sales. Sales to three customers each exceeded 10% of
 net sales during fiscal 2013. In fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011 two
 customers each had sales that exceeded 10% of net sales. Sales to
 these customers represented approximately 48%
 36% and 32% of our
 net sales in fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 respectively. Net accounts receivable from these customers were 49%
 and 29% of net accounts receivable at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 13 &amp;#x2014;
 RETIREMENT PLAN&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On August&amp;#xA0;2
 2007
 the
 committee then known as the Compensation
 Nominating and Corporate
 Governance Committee (the &amp;#x201C;Committee&amp;#x201D;) approved a
 restated Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (&amp;#x201C;SERP&amp;#x201D;)
 for certain executive officers and key employees
 retroactively
 effective as of August&amp;#xA0;25
 2005. The restated SERP
 retroactively changed the plan adopted on August&amp;#xA0;25
 2005 to
 among other things
 clarify certain actuarial provisions and
 incorporate new Internal Revenue Service requirements. The SERP is
 an unfunded
 non-qualified benefit plan that will provide eligible
 participants with monthly benefits upon retirement
 disability or
 death
 subject to certain conditions. Benefits paid to retirees are
 based on age at retirement
 years of credited service
 and average
 compensation. We use our fiscal year-end as the measurement date
 for the obligation calculation. Accounting guidance now codified in
 ASC Topic 715
 &amp;#x201C;Compensation &amp;#x2013; Retirement
 Benefits&amp;#x201D; requires the recognition of the funded status of
 the SERP on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Actuarial gains or
 losses
 prior service costs or credits and transition obligations
 that have not yet been recognized are recorded as a component of
 &amp;#x201C;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&amp;#x201D;
 (&amp;#x201C;AOCL&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents the changes in the projected benefit obligation for the
 fiscal years ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in projected
 benefit obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Actuarial (gain)
 loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Components of the actuarial
 (gain) loss portion of the change in projected benefit obligation
 are presented below for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Actuarial (Gain)
 Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in assumed pay
 increases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in discount
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Actuarial (gain)
 loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The components of the net
 periodic pension cost are as follows for the fiscal years
 ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Recognized gain
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prior service cost
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net periodic pension
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
870&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Significant assumptions
 related to our SERP include the discount rate used to calculate the
 actuarial present value of benefit obligations to be paid in the
 future and the average rate of compensation expense increase by
 SERP participants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We used the following
 assumptions to calculate the benefit obligations of our SERP as of
 the following dates:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.90%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.17%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Bonus payment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We used the following
 assumptions to calculate the net periodic costs of our SERP as
 follows for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.17%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.51%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.61%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Bonus payment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The assumed discount rate
 is based
 in part
 upon a discount rate modeling process that
 considers both high quality long-term indices and the duration of
 the SERP plan relative to the durations implicit in the broader
 indices. The discount rate is utilized principally in calculating
 the actuarial present value of our obligation and periodic expense
 pursuant to the SERP. To the extent the discount rate increases or
 decreases
 our SERP obligation is decreased or increased
 accordingly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents the benefits expected to be paid in the next ten fiscal
 years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 37pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2019 &amp;#x2014;
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents the components of AOCL that have not yet been recognized
 in net pension expense:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unrecognized net
 gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
257&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unrecognized prior service
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Tax effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net amount
 unrecognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We expect to recognize $957
 of the prior service cost offset by $68 of the net gain into net
 periodic pension expense during the fiscal year ending
 June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 14 &amp;#x2014;
 TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In addition to the related
 party transactions described in Note 5
 we also entered into
 transactions with the related party described below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We purchase materials from
 a company that is effectively owned by two members of our Board of
 Directors who are also executive officers
 and individuals directly
 related to them. Purchases from this related party aggregated to
 the following for the years ending:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Purchases from related
 party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accounts payable to this
 related entity aggregated to the following for the fiscal years
 ending:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The reconciliations of
 income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate to income
 taxes reported in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
 income for the last three fiscal years are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal statutory income
 tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State income taxes
 net of
 federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(18.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and development
 tax credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Domestic manufacturing
 deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(10.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Effective tax
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Certain reclassifications
 have been made to the consolidated balance sheet at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012 to conform to the current year presentation which had no
 effect on net equity reported for any period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Segment
 Reporting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We operate in a single
 reportable operating segment that consists of selling various nut
 and nut related products through multiple distribution
 channels.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Intangible assets subject
 to amortization consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer
 relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-compete
 agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Brand names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total intangible assets
 gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer
 relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-compete
 agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Brand names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
991&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total accumulated
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(16
215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(13
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net intangible
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 1 &amp;#x2014;
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation
 and Consolidation and Description of Business&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Our consolidated financial
 statements include the accounts of John B. Sanfilippo&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp;
 Son
 Inc.
 and our two wholly-owned subsidiaries
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC and JBSS Ventures
 LLC. During the third quarter of fiscal
 2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its real estate
 holdings to JBSS Real Estate
 LLC (a recently formed subsidiary)
 and JBSS Properties
 LLC changed its name to JBSS Ventures
 LLC.
 Our fiscal year ends on the last Thursday of June each year
 and
 typically consists of fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week
 quarters). However
 the year ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2011 consisted of
 fifty-three weeks
 as our fourth quarter contained fourteen weeks.
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related
 footnotes are presented in accordance with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We are one of the leading
 processors and distributors of peanuts and tree nuts in the United
 States. These nuts are sold under a variety of private brands and
 under the &lt;i&gt;Fisher
 Orchard Valley Harvest&lt;/i&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Sunshine
 Country&lt;/i&gt; brand names. We also market and distribute
 and in most
 cases manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and
 snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and
 confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 sunflower seeds
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under
 private brands and brand names. Our products are sold through the
 major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 contract
 packaging customers and international customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Certain reclassifications
 have been made to the consolidated balance sheet at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012 to conform to the current year presentation which had no
 effect on net equity reported for any period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Management
 Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The preparation of
 financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to
 make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
 reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
 period. Significant estimates include reserves for customer
 deductions
 allowances for doubtful accounts
 the quantity and
 valuation of bulk inventories
 the evaluation of recoverability of
 long-lived assets
 the realizability of deferred tax assets and
 various other accrual accounts. Actual results could differ from
 those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounts
 Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accounts receivable are
 stated at the amounts charged to customers
 less allowances for
 doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated cash discounts and
 customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful accounts is
 calculated by specifically identifying customers that are credit
 risks and estimating the extent that other non-specifically
 identified customers will become credit risks. Account balances are
 charged off against the allowance when we conclude that it is
 probable the receivable will not be recovered. The reserve for
 estimated cash discounts is based on historical experience. The
 reserve for customer deductions represents known customer short
 payments and an estimate of future credit memos that will be issued
 to customers related to rebates and allowances for marketing and
 promotions based on historical experience.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories
 which consist
 principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit
 and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of
 cost (first-in
 first-out) or market which approximates actual
 cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at least quarterly. Fluctuations
 in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews
 and other nuts may affect the value of inventory
 gross profit and
 gross profit margin. When expected market sales prices move below
 costs
 we record adjustments to write down the carrying values of
 inventories to the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market.
 The results of our shelling process can also result in changes to
 inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus
 expected crop yields. We maintain significant inventories of
 bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of
 inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based on our inventory
 systems and are subject to quarterly physical verification
 techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The
 quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are
 generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen month period
 at which
 time revisions to any estimates are also recorded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We store a large amount of
 peanut inventory on behalf of the United States government at
 various facilities. As a licensed United States Department of
 Agriculture Nut Warehouse Operator
 to the extent that we do not
 purchase these peanuts
 we are responsible for delivering the loan
 value of the peanut inventory in our possession as represented on
 the warehouse receipt to the holder of the warehouse receipt on
 demand. We are responsible for any decline in the value of the
 peanut inventory due to a decline in quality or shrinkage in excess
 of an allowable amount. No such declines in value are currently
 anticipated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property
 Plant and
 Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment are stated at cost. Major improvements that extend the
 useful life
 add capacity
 or add functionality are capitalized and
 charged to expense through depreciation. Repairs and maintenance
 are charged to expense as incurred. The cost and accumulated
 depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the
 respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is recognized currently
 in operating income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Depreciation expense for
 the last three fiscal years is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0; 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0; 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0; 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Depreciation
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cost is depreciated using
 the straight-line method over the following estimated useful
 lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Machinery and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Furniture and leasehold
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Computers and
 software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;No interest costs were
 capitalized for the last three fiscal years due to the lack of any
 significant project.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Assets Held For
 Sale&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;An asset is classified as
 held for sale when (i)&amp;#xA0;management commits to a plan to sell
 and it is actively marketed
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;it is available for
 immediate sale and the sale is expected to be completed within one
 year and (iii)&amp;#xA0;it is unlikely significant changes to the plan
 will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. Assets held for
 sale may exceed one year due to events or circumstances beyond our
 control. Recoverability is also assessed and assets held for sale
 are reported at the lower of carrying value or fair-value less
 costs to sell. Assets classified as held for sale are no longer
 depreciated and reported on separate lines of the balance
 sheet.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We currently have assets
 held for sale on our consolidated balance sheets at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 due to the pending sale of property we own. For more
 information
 see Note 15 &amp;#x2014; Assets Held for Sale.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Goodwill&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In accordance with
 authoritative guidance on goodwill under the provisions of ASC 350
 &amp;#x201C;Intangibles-Goodwill and Other&amp;#x201D;
 goodwill is subject
 to impairment testing at least annually or more frequently if an
 event occurs or conditions change that would more likely than not
 reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value.
 We performed our impairment test
 annually during the fourth
 quarter
 using the two-step method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We completed an acquisition
 of certain assets and liabilities of Orchard Valley Harvest
 (&amp;#x201C;OVH&amp;#x201D;) during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010.
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011
 we experienced a
 significant decline in the market value and operating results of
 the Company driven by challenging market conditions and also
 performed our annual impairment analysis under the provisions of
 ASC 350. Based upon our analysis
 we concluded that the entire
 goodwill balance of $5
662 was impaired.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived
 Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We review held and used
 long-lived assets
 including our rental investment property and
 amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess
 recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever
 events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the
 carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such
 events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
 expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the
 asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long lived asset
 or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of
 future cash flows derived from the most recent business
 projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair
 value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We did not record any
 impairment of long-lived assets for the last three fiscal
 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred Financing
 Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred financing costs
 are incurred to obtain long-term financing and are amortized using
 the effective interest method over the term of the related debt.
 The amortization of deferred financing costs
 which is classified
 in interest expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
 income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of deferred
 financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Facility Consolidation
 Project/Real Estate Transactions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In April 2005
 we acquired
 property to be used for the Elgin Site. Two buildings are located
 on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an office building.
 Approximately 71% of the office building is currently vacant. The
 other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and modified for use as
 our principal processing facility and headquarters. The allocation
 of the purchase price to the two buildings was determined through a
 third party appraisal. The value assigned to the office building is
 included in rental investment property on the balance sheet. The
 value assigned to the warehouse building is included in
 &amp;#x201C;Property
 plant and equipment&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The net rental expense from
 the office building is included in the caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and
 miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross rental income and Rental
 (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal years are as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross rental
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rental (expense)
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected future gross
 rental income under operating leases within the office building is
 as follows for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 25
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 29
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 28
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On March&amp;#xA0;28
 2006
 our
 wholly-owned subsidiary JBSS Properties
 LLC acquired title by
 quitclaim deed to the site that was originally purchased in Elgin
 Illinois (the &amp;#x201C;Old Elgin Site&amp;#x201D;) for our facility
 consolidation project and also entered into an Assignment and
 Assumption Agreement (the &amp;#x201C;Agreement&amp;#x201D;) with the City of
 Elgin (the &amp;#x201C;City&amp;#x201D;). In the third quarter of fiscal
 2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its properties and
 agreements to JBSS Real Estate
 LLC. Under the terms of the
 Agreement
 the City assigned to us the City&amp;#x2019;s remaining
 rights and obligations under a development agreement entered into
 by and among the Company
 certain related party partnerships and
 the City (the &amp;#x201C;Development Agreement&amp;#x201D;). The Mortgage
 Facility is secured
 in part
 by the Old Elgin Site. We must obtain
 the consent of the Mortgage Lender (as defined below) prior to the
 sale of the Old Elgin Site. Also
 the State of Illinois
 the
 original owner of the Old Elgin Site that sold it to the City
 has
 the option to repurchase the Old Elgin Site. We currently have an
 agreed upon sales contract and the State of Illinois has waived its
 repurchase option. Consequently
 we have classified these assets as
 held for sale in the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 15. A
 portion of the Old Elgin Site contains an office building (which we
 began renting to a third-party during the third quarter of fiscal
 2007) that will likely be included in any future sale. We incurred
 $6
806 of gross costs under the Development Agreement
 and had
 carrying values of $6
175 and $6
228 at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 respectively. These costs are recorded as
 &amp;#x201C;Assets held for sale&amp;#x201D; at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and
 &amp;#x201C;Rental investment property&amp;#x201D; at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In September 2012
 we
 completed the sale of land and a building where we owned and
 operated a retail store in Barrington
 Illinois. Proceeds from the
 sale were $870
 net of expenses of $45
 and resulted in a pre-tax
 gain of $660 which is recorded in &amp;#x201C;Administrative
 expenses&amp;#x201D; for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Introductory
 Funds&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The ability to sell to
 certain retail customers often requires upfront payments to be made
 by us. Such payments are frequently made pursuant to contracts that
 stipulate the term of the agreement
 the quantity and type of
 products to be sold and any exclusivity requirements. If
 appropriate
 the cost of these payments is recorded as an asset and
 is amortized over the term of the contract. We expense payments if
 no written arrangement exists and amounts are not recoverable in
 the event of customer cancellation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total introductory funds
 are insignificant at both June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&amp;#xA0;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of
 introductory funds
 which is recorded as a reduction in net sales
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of
 introductory funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Authoritative guidance
 issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) defines fair value as the price that would be
 received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
 transaction between market participants on the measurement date.
 The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes
 observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value into
 three broad levels:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2013;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the
 measurement date for identical assets and liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2013;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets.
 For example
 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in
 active markets or quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities
 in inactive markets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2013;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data
 available.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The carrying values of
 cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate
 their fair values at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 because of the short-term maturities and nature of these
 balances.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The carrying value of our
 Credit Facility (as defined below) borrowings approximates fair
 value at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012 because interest
 rates on this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2
 criteria)
 the short term maturity and nature of this balance. In
 addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent
 credit risk.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The estimated fair value of
 long-term debt
 including current maturities
 at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012 was $46
059 and $53
327
 respectively
 and
 the related carrying value was $42
355 and $48
930
 respectively.
 The estimated fair value of our long-term debt was determined using
 a market approach based upon Level 2 observable inputs
 which
 estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on
 loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or
 broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes
 in the underlying assets securing our long-term debt.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue
 Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We recognize revenue when
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has transferred
 (based upon terms of shipment)
 price is fixed
 delivery occurs and
 collection is reasonably assured. We sell our products under some
 arrangements which include customer contracts which fix the sales
 price for periods
 typically of up to one year
 for some industrial
 customers and through specific programs consisting of promotion
 allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer customers and commercial ingredient
 users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the
 terms of specific arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of
 rebates and promotion and marketing allowances. Revenues are also
 recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for
 based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to
 return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product
 returns have been insignificant. Provisions for returns are
 reflected as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based upon
 customer specific circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling
 costs are included in revenues.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Segment
 Reporting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We operate in a single
 reportable operating segment that consists of selling various nut
 and nut related products through multiple distribution
 channels.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Significant Customers
 and Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The highly competitive
 nature of our business provides an environment for the loss of
 customers and the opportunity to gain new customers. We are subject
 to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts
 receivable
 and attempt to mitigate this risk through our credit
 evaluation process
 collection terms and through geographical
 dispersion of sales. Sales to three customers each exceeded 10% of
 net sales during fiscal 2013. In fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011 two
 customers each had sales that exceeded 10% of net sales. Sales to
 these customers represented approximately 48%
 36% and 32% of our
 net sales in fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 respectively. Net accounts receivable from these customers were 49%
 and 29% of net accounts receivable at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Promotion
 Marketing and
 Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Promotion allowances
 customer rebates and marketing allowances are recorded at the time
 revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions in sales.
 Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon projected volumes
 for the year
 while promotion and marketing allowances are recorded
 based upon terms of the actual arrangements. Coupon incentive costs
 are accrued based on estimates of product sold to retailers at our
 measurement date and an estimate of redemptions to
 occur.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The majority of marketing
 costs and substantially all advertising costs are incurred to
 promote and support branded products in the consumer distribution
 channel. These costs are expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling
 expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Marketing and advertising
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling
 Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shipping and handling
 costs
 which include freight and other expenses to prepare finished
 goods for shipment
 are included in selling expenses. Shipping and
 handling costs for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shipping and handling
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Research and Development
 Expenses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and development
 expense represents the cost of our research and development
 personnel and their related expenses and are charged to selling
 expenses as incurred. Research and development expense for the last
 three fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and development
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income
 Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We account for income taxes
 using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition
 of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax
 consequences of events that have been reported in our financial
 statements or tax returns. Such items give rise to differences in
 the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A
 valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amount of
 deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a
 portion of the asset will not be realized. Any investment tax
 credits are accounted for by using the flow-through method
 whereby
 the credits are reflected as reductions of tax expense in the year
 they are recognized in the financial statements. In estimating
 future tax consequences
 we consider all expected future events
 other than changes in tax law or rates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We record liabilities for
 uncertain income tax positions based on a two-step process. The
 first step is recognition
 where we evaluate whether an individual
 tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being
 sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the
 position
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation
 processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a
 less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is
 recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold
 in the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the
 benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may
 differ from our estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the
 recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax
 positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are
 recorded in results of operations and financial position in the
 period in which such changes occur. As of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 we had liabilities for uncertain tax positions
 totaling $131 and $122
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We recognize interest and
 penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in the
 income tax expense /(benefit) caption in the consolidated statement
 of comprehensive income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We evaluate the realization
 of deferred tax assets by considering our historical taxable income
 and future taxable income based upon the reversal of deferred tax
 liabilities. As of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 we believe that our deferred
 tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $815 of basis
 differences for which we have provided a valuation allowance. The
 amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable
 however
 could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable
 income during the carryforward period are reduced.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Earnings per
 Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic earnings per common
 share are calculated using the weighted average number of shares of
 Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock outstanding during the period.
 Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that
 could occur if securities or other contracts to issue Common Stock
 were exercised or converted into Common Stock or resulted in the
 issuance of Common Stock. The following table presents the
 reconciliation of the weighted average shares outstanding used in
 computing basic and diluted earnings per share:&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
863
064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
726
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
671
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Effect of dilutive
 securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Stock options and
 restricted stock units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;129
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;102
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;98
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
992
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
828
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
770
359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock options excluded from the
 computation of diluted earnings per share:&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0; 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0; 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0; 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;107
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;125
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average exercise
 price:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Comprehensive
 Income&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We account for
 comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#x201C;Comprehensive Income&amp;#x201D;. This topic establishes
 standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its
 components in a full set of general-purpose financial statements.
 The topic requires that all components of comprehensive income be
 reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same
 prominence as other financial statements. This topic also requires
 all non-owner changes in stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity be presented in
 either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in
 two separate but consecutive statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting
 Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In February 2013
 the FASB
 issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-02
 &amp;#x201C;Comprehensive Income (Topic
 220)&amp;#x2014;Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income.&amp;#x201D; The new guidance requires
 presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on
 the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the
 notes
 information about significant amounts required under U.S.
 GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
 income in their entirety. For amounts not required to be
 reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required
 to cross-reference to other disclosures that provide additional
 details about those amounts. This guidance is effective for fiscal
 years beginning on or after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2012
 and interim
 periods within those annual periods. The Company will adopt this
 guidance during fiscal 2014 and does not expect the adoption to
 have a material effect on our financial position
 results of
 operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In July 2013 the FASB
 issued ASU 2013-11
 &amp;#x201C;Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax
 Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists
&amp;#x201D; which amends ASC 740
 &amp;#x201C;Income Taxes.&amp;#x201D; This new guidance requires that a
 liability related to an unrecognized tax benefit be offset against
 a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward
 a
 similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward if certain criteria
 are met. The provisions of this update are effective for fiscal
 years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2013. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments
 should be applied prospectively to all unrecognized tax benefits
 that exist at the effective date. Retrospective application is
 permitted. The Company will adopt this guidance during fiscal 2015
 and does not expect the adoption to have a material effect on our
 financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets and
 liabilities are comprised of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=9&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accounts
 receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Employee
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Workers&amp;#x2019;
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net current deferred tax
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Long term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=9&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Capitalized
 leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill and intangible
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Operating loss
 carry-forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;641&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Retirement plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Workers
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Equity method
 investment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total long-term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
335&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net long-term deferred tax
 assets (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total net deferred tax
 assets (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived
 Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We review held and used
 long-lived assets
 including our rental investment property and
 amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess
 recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever
 events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the
 carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such
 events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
 expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the
 asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long lived asset
 or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of
 future cash flows derived from the most recent business
 projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair
 value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We did not record any
 impairment of long-lived assets for the last three fiscal
 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Management
 Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The preparation of
 financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to
 make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
 reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
 period. Significant estimates include reserves for customer
 deductions
 allowances for doubtful accounts
 the quantity and
 valuation of bulk inventories
 the evaluation of recoverability of
 long-lived assets
 the realizability of deferred tax assets and
 various other accrual accounts. Actual results could differ from
 those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Earnings per
 Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic earnings per common
 share are calculated using the weighted average number of shares of
 Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock outstanding during the period.
 Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that
 could occur if securities or other contracts to issue Common Stock
 were exercised or converted into Common Stock or resulted in the
 issuance of Common Stock. The following table presents the
 reconciliation of the weighted average shares outstanding used in
 computing basic and diluted earnings per share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
863
064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
726
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
671
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Effect of dilutive
 securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Stock options and
 restricted stock units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;129
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;102
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;98
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
992
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
828
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
770
359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock options excluded from the
 computation of diluted earnings per share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0; 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0; 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0; 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;107
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;125
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average exercise
 price:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We purchase materials from
 a company that is effectively owned by two members of our Board of
 Directors who are also executive officers
 and individuals directly
 related to them. Purchases from this related party aggregated to
 the following for the years ending:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Purchases from related
 party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The provision (benefit) for
 income taxes for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total income tax expense
 (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income
 Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We account for income taxes
 using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition
 of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax
 consequences of events that have been reported in our financial
 statements or tax returns. Such items give rise to differences in
 the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A
 valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amount of
 deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a
 portion of the asset will not be realized. Any investment tax
 credits are accounted for by using the flow-through method
 whereby
 the credits are reflected as reductions of tax expense in the year
 they are recognized in the financial statements. In estimating
 future tax consequences
 we consider all expected future events
 other than changes in tax law or rates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We record liabilities for
 uncertain income tax positions based on a two-step process. The
 first step is recognition
 where we evaluate whether an individual
 tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being
 sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the
 position
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation
 processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a
 less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is
 recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold
 in the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the
 benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may
 differ from our estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the
 recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax
 positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are
 recorded in results of operations and financial position in the
 period in which such changes occur. As of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 we had liabilities for uncertain tax positions
 totaling $131 and $122
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We recognize interest and
 penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in the
 income tax expense /(benefit) caption in the consolidated statement
 of comprehensive income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We evaluate the realization
 of deferred tax assets by considering our historical taxable income
 and future taxable income based upon the reversal of deferred tax
 liabilities. As of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 we believe that our deferred
 tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $815 of basis
 differences for which we have provided a valuation allowance. The
 amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable
 however
 could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable
 income during the carryforward period are reduced.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents the reconciliation of the weighted average shares
 outstanding used in computing basic and diluted earnings per
 share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
863
064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
726
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
671
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Effect of dilutive
 securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Stock options and
 restricted stock units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;129
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;102
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;98
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
992
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
828
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
770
359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We used the following
 assumptions to calculate the benefit obligations of our SERP as of
 the following dates:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.90%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.17%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Bonus payment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Promotion
 Marketing and
 Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Promotion allowances
 customer rebates and marketing allowances are recorded at the time
 revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions in sales.
 Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon projected volumes
 for the year
 while promotion and marketing allowances are recorded
 based upon terms of the actual arrangements. Coupon incentive costs
 are accrued based on estimates of product sold to retailers at our
 measurement date and an estimate of redemptions to
 occur.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The majority of marketing
 costs and substantially all advertising costs are incurred to
 promote and support branded products in the consumer distribution
 channel. These costs are expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling
 expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Marketing and advertising
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following summarizes
 sales by product type as a percentage of total gross sales. The
 information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments
 such as promotional discounts
 are not
 allocable to product types
 for the fiscal year ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Product
 Type&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Peanuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Pecans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cashews &amp;amp; Mixed
 Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;19.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Walnuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Almonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 15 &amp;#x2014; ASSETS
 HELD FOR SALE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Since March 2006 we have
 owned property in Elgin
 Illinois (the &amp;#x201C;Old Elgin
 Site&amp;#x201D;) originally purchased for our facility consolidation
 project. During the third quarter of fiscal 2013 we reached an
 agreed upon sales contract with a third party. The State of
 Illinois
 the original owner of the Old Elgin Site
 has the option
 to repurchase this property and has waived this repurchase option.
 The planned sale of this property meets the criteria of an asset
 &amp;#x201C;Held for Sale&amp;#x201D; in accordance with ASC 360
 &lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;. Assets held for sale are
 required to be measured at the lower of their carrying value or
 fair value less cost to sell. No adjustment to fair value less
 costs to sell was required. A current asset of $6
175 is presented
 in the consolidated balance sheets at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 10 &amp;#x2014; SPECIAL
 CASH DIVIDEND&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;On December&amp;#xA0;10
 2012
 our Board of Directors
 after considering the financial position of
 our Company
 declared a special cash dividend of $1.00 per share on
 all issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Stock of the Company (the &amp;#x201C;Special Dividend&amp;#x201D;). The
 Special Dividend of $10
889 was paid December&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 to
 stockholders of record at the close of business on
 December&amp;#xA0;20
 2012. The ex-dividend date was the close of
 business on December&amp;#xA0;18
 2012. We obtained the appropriate
 consent from the Bank Lenders in order to declare and pay this
 Special Dividend.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The majority of marketing
 costs and substantially all advertising costs are incurred to
 promote and support branded products in the consumer distribution
 channel. These costs are expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling
 expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Marketing and advertising
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Depreciation expense for
 the last three fiscal years is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0; 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0; 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0; 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Depreciation
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 16 &amp;#x2014;
 DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL AND PRODUCT TYPE SALES MIX&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We operate in a single
 reportable operating segment through which we sell various nut
 products through multiple distribution channels.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following summarizes
 net sales by distribution channel for the fiscal years
 ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 72pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Distribution
 Channel&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Consumer *&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;436
228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;418
699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;414
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Commercial
 Ingredients&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;177
774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;176
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;160
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Contract
 Packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;85
940&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;70
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;64
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Export&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34
877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34
884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;734
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;700
575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;674
212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Sales of branded products
 were approximately 30%
 29% and 31% of total consumer channel sales
 during fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following summarizes
 sales by product type as a percentage of total gross sales. The
 information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments
 such as promotional discounts
 are not
 allocable to product types
 for the fiscal year ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Product
 Type&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Peanuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Pecans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cashews &amp;amp; Mixed
 Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;19.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Walnuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Almonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;For all periods presented
 the largest component of the &amp;#x201C;Other&amp;#x201D; product type is
 trail and snack mixes which include nut products.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following summarizes
 net sales by distribution channel for the fiscal years
 ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 72pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Distribution
 Channel&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Consumer *&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;436
228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;418
699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;414
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Commercial
 Ingredients&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;177
774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;176
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;160
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Contract
 Packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;85
940&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;70
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;64
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Export&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34
877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34
884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;734
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;700
575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;674
212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Sales of branded products
 were approximately 30%
 29% and 31% of total consumer channel sales
 during fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation
 and Consolidation and Description of Business&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Our consolidated financial
 statements include the accounts of John B. Sanfilippo&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp;
 Son
 Inc.
 and our two wholly-owned subsidiaries
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC and JBSS Ventures
 LLC. During the third quarter of fiscal
 2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its real estate
 holdings to JBSS Real Estate
 LLC (a recently formed subsidiary)
 and JBSS Properties
 LLC changed its name to JBSS Ventures
 LLC.
 Our fiscal year ends on the last Thursday of June each year
 and
 typically consists of fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week
 quarters). However
 the year ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2011 consisted of
 fifty-three weeks
 as our fourth quarter contained fourteen weeks.
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related
 footnotes are presented in accordance with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We are one of the leading
 processors and distributors of peanuts and tree nuts in the United
 States. These nuts are sold under a variety of private brands and
 under the &lt;i&gt;Fisher
 Orchard Valley Harvest&lt;/i&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Sunshine
 Country&lt;/i&gt; brand names. We also market and distribute
 and in most
 cases manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and
 snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and
 confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 sunflower seeds
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under
 private brands and brand names. Our products are sold through the
 major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 contract
 packaging customers and international customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected future gross
 rental income under operating leases within the office building is
 as follows for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 25
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 29
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 28
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 11 &amp;#x2014;
 INVESTMENT IN ARMA ENERGY
 INC.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Over the past few years we
 have been developing
 marketing
 and securing proprietary and
 intellectual property rights to the &amp;#x201C;ARMA brand&amp;#x201D; in
 select markets. The ARMA brand products consisted of
 &amp;#x201C;energy-infused&amp;#x201D; snack products
 including kettle
 cooked potato chips
 trail mixes
 fruit and nut blends
 granola
 mixes and other products. Sales of ARMA brand products have
 historically been immaterial to our financial condition
 results of
 operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;On February&amp;#xA0;1
 2013 we
 entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with ARMA Energy
 Inc.
 (&amp;#x201C;AEI&amp;#x201D; or the &amp;#x201C;Purchaser&amp;#x201D;) whereby we
 received approximately 71% of the preferred stock of the Purchaser
 in exchange for sales
 marketing
 services
 and other expenses
 already incurred. In addition
 on February&amp;#xA0;1
 2013
 we sold
 all of our intellectual property rights in the ARMA brand to the
 Purchaser in exchange for a secured promissory note in the
 principal amount of $500 payable over five years. Annual payments
 of $100 begin December 2013 on the promissory note. The fair value
 of the note received and non-controlling interest retained at the
 time of sale were not deemed material. At June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 our
 ownership percentage had decreased to approximately 58% due to
 additional investment from unrelated parties. After recording our
 proportional share of losses
 our investment in this entity is $0
 at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;The criteria outlined in ASC
 810
 &lt;i&gt;Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;
 provides a framework for identifying
 variable interest entities (&amp;#x201C;VIEs&amp;#x201D;) and determining
 whether an investment in another entity should be subject to
 consolidation. Upon consideration of the guidance
 we determined
 the Purchaser is a VIE. Further
 we have concluded that power is
 shared and we are not the primary beneficiary of the VIE. Shared
 control of the VIE&amp;#x2019;s board of directors was the most
 significant factor in concluding that power was shared among us and
 other unrelated parties. The operating results of the Purchaser are
 not currently material to our financial position
 operating results
 and cash flows
 and we do not provide financial support to the
 Purchaser.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Based on ASC 323
 &lt;i&gt;Investments&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#x2013; &lt;i&gt;Equity Method and Joint Ventures&lt;/i&gt;
 we determined we have significant influence over the Purchaser and
 have accounted for this investment under the equity
 method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accounts payable to this
 related entity aggregated to the following for the fiscal years
 ending:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Assets Held For
 Sale&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;An asset is classified as
 held for sale when (i)&amp;#xA0;management commits to a plan to sell
 and it is actively marketed
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;it is available for
 immediate sale and the sale is expected to be completed within one
 year and (iii)&amp;#xA0;it is unlikely significant changes to the plan
 will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. Assets held for
 sale may exceed one year due to events or circumstances beyond our
 control. Recoverability is also assessed and assets held for sale
 are reported at the lower of carrying value or fair-value less
 costs to sell. Assets classified as held for sale are no longer
 depreciated and reported on separate lines of the balance
 sheet.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We currently have assets
 held for sale on our consolidated balance sheets at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 due to the pending sale of property we own. For more
 information
 see Note 15 &amp;#x2014; Assets Held for Sale.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rent expense aggregated
 under these operating leases was as follows for the last three
 fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rent expense related to
 operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
414&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shipping and handling costs
 for the last three fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shipping and handling
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and development
 expense represents the cost of our research and development
 personnel and their related expenses and are charged to selling
 expenses as incurred. Research and development expense for the last
 three fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and development
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The amortization of
 deferred financing costs
 which is classified in interest expense
 in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
 was as
 follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of deferred
 financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total amortization expense
 related to intangible assets
 which is classified in administrative
 expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
 was
 as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of intangible
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
973&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Components of the actuarial
 (gain) loss portion of the change in projected benefit obligation
 are presented below for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Actuarial (Gain)
 Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in assumed pay
 increases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in discount
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Actuarial (gain)
 loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We used the following
 assumptions to calculate the net periodic costs of our SERP as
 follows for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.17%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.51%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.61%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Bonus payment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table details
 the activity in various allowance and reserve accounts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 39pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Beginning&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;of
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Allowance for doubtful
 accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for customer
 deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for cash
 discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(9
899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax asset
 valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(14
394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Allowance for doubtful
 accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for cash
 discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for customer
 deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
695&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(12
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Allowance for doubtful
 accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(217&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for cash
 discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for customer
 deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
437&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
484&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(13
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  



 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The total route pension
 liability was as follows for the last two fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Route pension
 liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;646&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Our expense for the 401(k)
 plan was as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;401(k) plan
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;554&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of
 introductory funds
 which is recorded as a reduction in net sales
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of
 introductory funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 summarizes compensation cost charged to earnings for all equity
 compensation plans and the total income tax benefit recognized for
 the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Compensation cost charged
 to earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income tax benefit
 recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The net rental expense from
 the office building is included in the caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and
 miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross rental income and Rental
 (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal years are as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross rental
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rental (expense)
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Introductory
 Funds&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The ability to sell to
 certain retail customers often requires upfront payments to be made
 by us. Such payments are frequently made pursuant to contracts that
 stipulate the term of the agreement
 the quantity and type of
 products to be sold and any exclusivity requirements. If
 appropriate
 the cost of these payments is recorded as an asset and
 is amortized over the term of the contract. We expense payments if
 no written arrangement exists and amounts are not recoverable in
 the event of customer cancellation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total introductory funds
 are insignificant at both June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&amp;#xA0;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of
 introductory funds
 which is recorded as a reduction in net sales
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of
 introductory funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      



    


    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    




















  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2013-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2013-01-31
  xmlns:jbss=http://www.jbssinc.com/20130627
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2013-01-31
  xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2012-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2013-01-31
  xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2013-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://www.jbssinc.com/20130627




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink






    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 including related party payables of $290 and $75



    
    




    
    


    

 less allowances of $2
628 and $2
867



    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 collateralized by building



    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    




    
    


    




    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 excluding refunds of $14
 $565 and $81



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

161
 $1
151 and $1
055 to related parties



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    

 less current maturities
 including related party debt of $12
264 and $12
585

    


    

 including related party debt of $321 and $297



    


    




    




    




    
    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    

 net of income tax of $296
 309



    
    


    
    

 net of income tax benefit of $190
 1031



    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Plant and Equipment
 Gross



    




    




    




    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    




    

 less accumulated depreciation of $6
470 and $6
256



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    






    






    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    
    


    




    
    
    


    




    




    


    


    
    


    






    




    




    






    




    






    
    


    






    




    




    




    
    


    




    




    




    
    


    

 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 at cost; 117



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    

 Not Primary Beneficiary



    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g559357g17z78.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$!+`$L``#_X0H[17AI9@``34T`*@````@`!P$2``
`
M```!``$```$:``4````!````8@$;``4````!````:@$H``
````!``(```$Q

@```$L````

``R
#$S.C`X.C(S(#$R.C$U

M`0```$@````!_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`2`!(``#_[0`
061O8F5?0TT``?_N
M``Y!9&]B90!D@`````'_VP$``P(`@)`P)0P1PH+$14/#`P/%1@3$Q43
M$Q@1#`P,#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P!#0L+#0X-
M$`X.$!0.#@X4%`X.#@X4$0P,#`P,$1$,#`P,#`P1#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#/_``!$(`#H`@`,!(@`$0$#$0'_W0`$``C_Q`$_```!
M!0$!`0$!`0`````````#``$!`4&!P@)@L!``$%`0$!`0$!``````````$`
M`@

S1R@M%#!R624_#A\6-S-1:BLH



MS_324V$D%C


M[C;M]21L]6&[O1V;]^SWJV^[-8)^S-L'A78-W_@K*6?]-)3925-W4FL:3;3=

M`


M!&UK??ZC_9]+Z:FU^15(N'JL'%C![O[=6N[_`*U_VTJ]GK/NQY^TP2Z=I8QG

M2B









Y)3__2]3-C&N:QS@'OG:TG
M4Q]+:/Y*6]F[9N&[]V==([?VFKG.J_\`+./_`
F\V?S_`/.?0_/_`)2J7?\`
MBI;_`
G?SU?\]_2_\#_
_P#HC_@_LZ2GJV9./8`:[6/!;O!:X'VG3?I^9I])
M2KMJM8'UO:]CN'-((/SX*[_`).Z7_R3_,#^=_FOYRW^8_X+_0_R_43=,_Y4
M;_R1_21_-?$?S/\`PO\`ZF24]]7=3;K78U^@=[2#H[5CM/W_`,U2:YK@T@@

MOZ%_


M



K^9_GN'?]
M'_3_`/`JCB_TJ[_D7^=I^E]+^C_F?\)_Z+]-)3__V?_M#O!0:&]T;W-H;W`@
M

M``````$'```1P```!T`1@!9`#$`,P`@`#$`,``M`$L`(``M```5@!E`'(`

@`R`````0``````````````````
M```````!``````````````)'```!!P`````````````````````!````````
M`````````````````!`````!````````;G5L;`````(````&8F]U;F1S3V)J
M8P````$```````!28W0Q````!`````!4;W`@;&]N9P``````````3&5F=&QO

M8V5S5FQ




````!````````4F-T
M




M#!$+@L1%0\,#`\5&!,3%1,3&!$,#`P,#`P1#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`P,#`P,#`$-PL-#@T0#@X0%`X.#A04#@X.#A01#`P
#`P1$0P
#`P
M#!$
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
_\``$0@`.@``P$B``(1
M`0,1`?_=``0`/_$`3\```$%`0$!`0$!``````````
``0($!08'`D*P$`

!

$!08'!P8%-0$``A$#
WQ__:``P#`0`$0
1`#\`]`PNG]
Q[_6QLFRRW8X!
MAR'/;M)#MWH[_3]O^DV;UJK'P+?JX[*(Z?36W*V/.]M#F';/Z9OJFIOY_P!.










M[DE/_]+U
V


MM(.CM6.T_?\`S5)KFN`+2#J-=%Q%/\]T/_`)-_F
/^O^?_`
G?R?\`N#_P
M2V/JA_





X=_T?]/\`\J.+_2KO^1?YVGZ7TOZ/^9_PG_HOTTE

`:`!O`'``

G('AM;&YS.FE8/2=H='1P.B\O
M;G
N861O8F4N8V]M+VE8+S$N




M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@


0``````````````$G-21T(@245#-C$Y-C8M
M
BXQ````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````!865H@````````\U$``0````$6S%A96B``````````````````




`
M````````+DE%0R`V






M!)H$J`2V!





1

M11)D$H02HQ+#$N
3`Q
C$T
38Q.#$Z03Q1/E%`84)Q1)%&H4BQ2M%
X4\!42
M%3055A5X%9L5O17@%@




?


M*]$L!2PY+&XLHBS7+0PM02UV+:LMX2X6+DPN@BZW+NXO)]:+Y$OQR_^,#4P
M;#D
-LQ$C%*
8(QNC'R
BHR8S*;
M0S#3-&


MQU

E
M.*6IIAJFBZ;]IVZGX*A2J,2I-ZFIJARJCZLJW6KZ:Q<K-M1*VXKBVNH:\6
MKXNP`+!UL.JQ8+'6LDNRPK,XLZZT);2<M1.UBK8!MGFV\+=HM^X6;C1N4JY



!$0`$0$#$0'_W0`$`$G_Q`&B
M````!@(#`0`````````````'`8%!`D#@(!``L!```&`P$!`0``````````
M``8%!`,'`@@!0`*Q```@$#!`$#`P(#`P,!@EU`0(#!!$%$@8A!Q
B``@Q












/*57Q*[*^8'36)ZJR/R8_F&[TZ

BY]MP9?*8N6EQ)VY7:?#ICL)ETK\@L9<K%
U-&6@RY(]U








M7B\76435V)RM'-35$:2
8:B)XVLZL![KW1IN
MO^P=D=K;+VWV-UONG[VV)O#%P9K:^Z]NUT62PF=Q53J\%=CJV`M%44[E+C
MZ

M#[8S+4!R.`Q=13*(WIZ22*)T`4J1Q[]U[IB[T_YDIV[_`.(SWS_[S.3]^Z]T
M)5#_`








U?GA
MOY+;'^+G6O3U%,$S'R![KAR&4CA?]%;3[0Z<VYOA9IU5@PI:O)T+7!#NA]^
MZ]TSGXU_






=XR$D2?LROGV_T

_P`.RW;'8&6[



ML64VU-N%\OBUV[7&;'T$L6?P@P]5)&K@5#+5!2P/B-K'W7NARHK?9TEA8?;0






DI@FGI%5P

7\C\A\?\`ISX(;^[%






M[

T1\LE-3R+)
(U(/OW






M;4F\^V.P-E]9[1BK:+&2;GW[N?[2PY+)2^#'8_^+9ZMH*$U]?
-$
(?R2M

M%BL+C




*=:

M8D6Z/XKV%09G([



M7@F]Q[KW1$?YG62^9&#V'\8.S^R=V]!=5;&V'\W?CCN[




(@E]U[J[A\K_
'Z_P`9)-6[3^.7R+DID9A3[7W!

M^)V_LK51XR@H^Y

MZ/?35-/64\%723PU5)50QU%-4TTJ3T]1!
@DBG@FB9HY898V#*RDJP-P??NO










WO[';UVA4Y.MS%=2[PV)D:J/K#


M%%1T4


?O
:2/)Y&MQ
MR/!TH3Q%';W7NA'SG\SWHS:7</7_26]=E=M[3W7NM.H
?OC(U^*V-E=K]$[

M






0JJ+EF(``'U))X`
M'OW7NDENC?NS-EX7/;AW3N?!X3$;8QD^7SU7D

^$^
M-7T%2^U
[W*V



M-



Q3[BDR5!-7X.+'PM#




MCI/BEVY1[L^=/87ROV_UWWOUQO/
=6XW:V\MG#:6'VRV.V[F:-*#=6T%`EI9


MS


M

;/\`B?4[
6T<]3&ERV`W!009#'U4=]4<GBF4FGK*64




#R
M







M3XWXY
*6I[1K)YFP?8E'45/;OGI\!A:=D27`


M





;PZ^IZC/?WBJ)I_[S9VGV















M[W[KW7O?NO=
&9W7M?;E/5U6X=R8#`TM!'#+75.9S&.Q=/115










GF^V





M

TE
M%.-4%6^

MFGQV4IL]GNQLHYT4^#ZXV]AI*W+[YS55*0J4^-BJ&47=]$:NZ^Z]T77&[+[3







M-;;S&ZLKMUHJ/;PFIZJLIJFB?[R:%HE:.-]8]U[IKE^

M)E^M(^O=TXG!YO!]=;5RU=_$6R%5O_%T.T\'!NS;6\JI2M/Y:?.-31TR!4B#

M9]JZ3%34$
R2R7E:HC65F
Z'BFIZ6-(:6&FAC2.*.*)(8XXHD$<
M4:)&JJJ11J%4`64PX]^Z]UF]^Z]T$W<IZ2R&SJW:G?-;URFR-T^/%U.*[*R
MF`QN&RL\\J)20TYSU52QG))5

M=2[2_P!+/S-VA6Q8/*8SIO%[+W7N+O[K#8F6K:V@@K=O=I?PY-B]H[=PZ4$J






Q]+BVJY?FJ0Q:VTYX'OW7NGO%;2VK@II

MJ_M\[\V1\M=SUVW?CS\;NI^\X03C=S?*+NCKW!Y/I+;DM!&\-/#M6JRV%J-P


MB;)W#+E\544B&::OI!/0TD-GGEB4@GW7NHI^2RUF3GQNVNB?D3N=:'M!.L
K







520)G$C*M335TM-%#/+64
J+)3SEO+!(BN



V9V)4[IZ=V;\:MT&.FI^I'W7O:/N








74P9'']8X_%GK_XX


MKL+*N]Z*HVQ5;:FJ(PL.
CJFH5O^PH!O[]U[H_'5.T_CWO!MF4_3OS4WUO=-





M+LD2E5M[KW4G
]+]J9*/=2T7R9[#PKY^GV9#B9*+;6QI3M.3;21C.5&)6JPT

7%F=X[9W)C::FVWLB
-:HQ$DD^%W.[HU5+.7JD*6B=-1]^Z]U4Q_
5P_R$ZV^0/PG







JSNOIO';CQ6SLAVUUE0;NSM?'BL'M:LW



G
8_#7_WNW5N;
Z#V'X)[)RF[VWCV7W9\H.WZB'<W]Z</@-Y]UYK







MJ9/%#%-D

QL/=F*[_R^Y\$*
M$UU%UI\4/D]W#2R#(4%/DZ=L;ENJNH]XXC

8F4R1L








M!MC(_P!YFQ-3A::KR\6Y=H[RQ.37&T5;/]L&I0T+S.5;U'W[KW22Z&^$N&Z-




















MNO=5[;0_E&_R]]E=997J+$?'G#R[

M!N2FWMA\9M[`UTV/H:.FR$=-!0RM`$
;$'W7NAJI/@5\.Z#?'4W8V/\`C[U_

I)\OD:/&PU61K7\='CZ:6L


U[?CW[KW63^(_(__`)Y'


\CTG_Z



IED()_4??NO=+3^(_(_

\CTG_Z
/?7_P!K'W[KW7OXC\C_`/GD





M[KW\1^1__/(])_\`HP]]?_:Q]^Z]TE\1C/DCB]Q[NSYP?354FZ9L'+%CY.P=



MKW\1^1__`#R/2?\`Z


[4[EP]+BZ

M]H=:;`VYA
]NO'8B@VMU-\CMI=]5-!@&V)4]D;ER&YL_MW:.WL9@]V;-VABZ

M8C^\%.F







M6VQMO8.

ML6EW..J/B7NCN#);&V7U[OKL'[WM?8O7.V^N
1N[8NZNQ-Q)OG=5?3;CI**I

Z__T-_CW[KW2<WAM7#[ZVENG9.XH&JMO[QVYF]J

M]#U=MGX_];[&V[3]78?9V%_T7_%Y-X5?3&+WG!C-TUR;OW]B=Q;ICR&0W&4I



M[B[07Y'TGR#W]/TOM[*[9[#Q_P`H:K:$G8

M0S








ZTS74



M=V


OR^WSF^U<YBLM\H1\8<O@/MMJXVM7J#?7Q5S.7W#L+=
MN-^YRRQ;MCKLOE+U=%41TB^`/&LFIQ(GNO=&M^'OQ9Q_Q/ZWW/M1MXU/8F\^





MK2BH43'W7N@AH/Y*FP

OW'GNLNN!LG#SGKS)?(_);'G

8*^J=Y:S6J+[KW1_:[XFXNL^;.S_F:F


M5TGW7NN_B'\4
=\3

ME/D
@




M[VI/BU@=N?*&BQ&Q/CKVANCO7='6N]^C:?L#9'?/=V?W=4[SP_8W9%#1=H[(

(C]U[I#U7\F6EK.U-W;YJ/D_O!]JYK




&Y
Q







M:?:.U=CNFZLGNS*]A;/PYW=G9

1[K^PUI-XKL^MDQG8&[
?6U45%3Y1:+$Q1T-.!]J9I))F]U[JP




































YFJH\=1

MCMKM_K[H[KKH[MO:O4&\\1L&M[(W!\\/C5U!CMU;@R/7VRNPJJ?:.`W9DJW*
M9?;N-I-\T]V0C8Q29EJH5&J!A[]U[HSGQI_F;_`!*^0?1VP.X
OW5TEU#E

2K'4TSQRJ-



2'8#GW[KW05[M_F
MV_'04_=^%Z[7=64W1U]LOY!5_56[-X;2R^W.CN_NPOCGMC)9OL?8'579@:2E

E=WCVOM'MOK+=NQNO
M?CAO7LOKY^KMS/7U
'R9K(




M[

R)
-0[4GAVRD-=)HI3!4U].(

[HGVM@
AFX\!B




M3U)\H]B;FPO


MAP]LP[






A=J87ICJKXR_%WY2?+.A[3W'GL=VEMW:7

VMU-C

M2?Z&


MD4
$
2%G=B%5023;W[KW01T'R)^/V57$MB^].G


M0R%$.P-IFKH#O







0&50/?NO=5YY[^;5\D.HZ_OOH[N7ISHK-?*#K_L#XA=8[%J^H
E2-I1[]


^$@@=%IW#





M
%Z\^






W:D]'ENR*/!=;=2]F=ZX+
M=N6ZXS6.VKWGU-TY59#']F[U^/F7F;1VAB]H93'/2U(IUAE


ME=55U7+B-XT


MO\!_N?X_N8OMOXO_`'E_WZ/N_'X_-QY--O5;W[KW13O^Q:'_@__L`??NO=
M5J0]
]4[8[M^2^Z?CE\G?Y/-1LOM/N+`[[K]C=P=)[4[/W;U;NBDZ6ZEV)6[


\


MF(H
;2G(X6*@Q&`HZHR9*=I;RCW7NL_5/P2VKO\`^+'QI'S=^=7QRZ\[2Q'Q

MNE*T]

-UKO3Y=[AWSW]UOW5\J.X^P=J[B^3IZGCI=G8


M2OV]18'=R5&)Q;P8O`U4.2DBCE
KHT#^Z]U?C_
(V'N3?/1.4@A[N^.'3G65

M^.GC2LK(:

-IN;7]^Z]U.]^Z]U[W[KW7O?NO=`_W'_H_
M@N+_`-F!_P!#_P#=W^(G^_Z8_[E_P`%_B_@;5__P^W^0_Q'[;5?Q?NZ+_










(WWWWCNAH_[FY/MK(?
Z8?CO\`;X\




M9

MC_\`&?9O\QS9JXW;V$Q5)UGUWN/(9KK?=O655G.YDJ?CGM[L/'5M=C:6IW*=

M=U]:;8S^W.J.W-UC
=O;YW)VA5=E9O:7;U/U37M3T29#&XS$X_&J@%?KE:_O





7CQY6FH@G[.CW7N@QQW\NOINFWG\L<]LG^9C\28^\NY-

M!)/&TR\^Z]T:!_A9\?1WSG=T;1^;?QYI/BIE_FIT'W;V+U#4Y'9^6[#I?EQL
M+8.T]O=9]68?MNF[






7DEJH*#(Y!2V.CF'

MZOXM553/V
CT7:-;MW'+E4#PKD(Z6JC?^'
@$C^Z]T4'X]?`;^7WLK;O=_6^



MPF-P^X
5/5XW96/Q.W]_8W$5DV5PF9Q57)!%71T[3305$#A1*0PD]^Z]UKZU




![]U[H2_B-\
NB\)\AOD'

YO

`
end









In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified





Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 450
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=25496072&amp;loc=d3e14326-108349

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 450
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=25496072&amp;loc=d3e14326-108349
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 450
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=25496072&amp;loc=d3e14435-108349
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 450
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=25496072&amp;loc=d3e14557-108349












In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5

The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
(Gain) loss on disposition of properties
 net
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=34349781&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section I
 -Subsection 7
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510177
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319

The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13854-109267
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388280&amp;loc=d3e13777-109266
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (e)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267

Change in assets and liabilities
 net of business acquired:
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Accounts receivable
 net
The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the value of prepaid expenses and other assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows
 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other liabilities used in operating activities not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows. May include changes in other current liabilities
 other noncurrent liabilities
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in other assets used in operating activities less other operating liabilities used in operating activities not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows. May include changes in other current assets and liabilities
 other noncurrent assets and liabilities
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Other
 net
Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 25
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3536-108585


The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Investing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6516133
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3213-108585
Purchases of property
 plant and equipment
The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Investing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6516133
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 12
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3179-108585

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Investing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6516133
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3213-108585
Purchase of assets of Orchard Valley Harvest
 Inc.
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Investing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6516133

Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 26
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3574-108585


Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(f))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph f
 -Article 4
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3255-108585

Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(f))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph f
 -Article 4
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3291-108585
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228

The cash outflow associated with security instruments that either represent a creditor or an ownership relationship with the holder of the investment security with a maturity of beyond one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer.  Includes repayments of (a) debt
 (b) capital lease obligations
 (c) mandatory redeemable capital securities
 and (d) any combination of (a)
 (b)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3291-108585


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3291-108585


The cash inflow associated with the amount received from holders exercising their stock options. This item inherently excludes any excess tax benefit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (j)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3255-108585

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=32706628&amp;loc=d3e11374-113907

Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 26
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3574-108585

Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 230
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450594&amp;loc=d3e33268-110906

Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506951
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash Equivalents
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6507016
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3044-108585
Cash
 beginning of period
Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506951
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash Equivalents
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6507016
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3044-108585
Cash
 end of period

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4297-108586

The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4297-108586
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 25
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3536-108585
Income taxes paid
 excluding refunds of $14
 $565 and $81
 respectively
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4313-108586
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4304-108586













    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

989

221
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

579
        


        
        
        
        


        

268

989

221




        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

219
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 except Share data







Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5
Balance
 at Jun. 24
 2010
Balance
 Shares
Balance
 Shares
 at Jun. 24
 2010
The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5

The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (j)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax of $296
 309
 and 383 respectively
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (j)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax of $296
 309
 and 383 respectively
Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569643-111683
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (c)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733093&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684
Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $190
 1031
 and 390 respectively
Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569643-111683
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (c)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733093&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684
Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $190
 1031
 and 390 respectively
Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Equity award exercises
 shares
Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Equity award exercises
 shares


Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5
Balance
 at Jun. 30
 2011
Balance
 shares
Balance
 shares
 at Jun. 30
 2011
The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5

The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (j)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax of $296
 309
 and 383 respectively
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (j)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax of $296
 309
 and 383 respectively
Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569643-111683
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (c)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733093&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684
Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $190
 1031
 and 390 respectively
Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569643-111683
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (c)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733093&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684
Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $190
 1031
 and 390 respectively
Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Equity award exercises
 shares
Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Equity award exercises
 shares


Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5
Balance
 at Jun. 28
 2012
Balance
 shares
Balance
 shares
 at Jun. 28
 2012
The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5

The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (j)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax of $296
 309
 and 383 respectively
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (j)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax of $296
 309
 and 383 respectively
Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569643-111683
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (c)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733093&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684
Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $190
 1031
 and 390 respectively
Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569643-111683
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (c)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733093&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684
Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $190
 1031
 and 390 respectively
Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Equity award exercises
 shares
Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Equity award exercises
 shares


Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5
Balance
 at Jun. 27
 2013
Balance
 shares
Balance
 shares
 at Jun. 27
 2013








 Inc - Additional Information (Detail)


1083 - Disclosure - Investment in ARMA Energy
 Inc - Additional Information (Detail)




This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment
 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.12)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=16385135&amp;loc=d3e33749-111570


Variable Interest Entity
 Not Primary Beneficiary
Arma Energy
 Inc. [Member]

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 835
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6451184&amp;loc=d3e28551-108399
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 835
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584090&amp;loc=d3e28878-108400
Promissory note
 Principal amount
Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Promissory note
 Maturity period
Investment in ARMA Energy
 Inc - Additional Information (Detail) (Variable Interest Entity
 Not Primary Beneficiary
 Aggregated Disclosure [Member]
 Arma Energy
 Inc. [Member]
 USD $)












    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        

500


        
        


        
        


        

125


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        

750


        
        


        
        


        

500


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    
























Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Antidilution
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6505113
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Diluted Earnings Per Share
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510752
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Contingent Stock Agreement
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6508534














    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

257

278


        

177)

134)


        

756

529


        

164)

327)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and that are recognized as increases or decreases in other comprehensive income as they arise. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which has not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 8 &#x2014;
 STOCKHOLDERS&#x2019; EQUITY
Our Class&#xA0;A Common
 Stock
 $.01 par value (the &#x201C;Class A Stock&#x201D;)
 has
 cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of those
 directors which the holders of Class&#xA0;A Stock are entitled to
 elect
 and 10 votes per share on all other matters on which holders
 of our Class&#xA0;A Stock and Common Stock are entitled to vote
 with the exception of election of the directors for which the
 holders of Common Stock are eligible to elect. In addition
 each
 share of Class&#xA0;A Stock is convertible at the option of the
 holder at any time into one share of Common Stock and automatically
 converts into one share of Common Stock upon any sale or transfer
 other than to related individuals. Each share of our Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the &#x201C;Common Stock&#x201D;) has noncumulative
 voting rights of one vote per share. The Class&#xA0;A Stock and the
 Common Stock are entitled to share equally
 on a share-for-share
 basis
 in any cash dividends declared by the Board of Directors
 and the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to elect 25%
 rounded up to the nearest whole number
 of the members comprising
 the Board of Directors.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

375

125

375


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified


Amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
June 26
 2014
Amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
June 25
 2015
Amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
June 30
 2016
Amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
June 29
 2017
Amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
June 28
 2018












    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

334

575

212


        

372

521

021


        

962

054

191


        
        
        
        


        

112

085

346


        

231

996

927


        
        
        

662


        

343

081

935


        

619

973

256


        
        
        
        


Interest expense including $1
161
 $1
151 and $1
055 to related parties
 respectively

754

364

444


Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net

569

388

026


Total other expense
 net

323

752

470


        

296

221

786


        

536

099
        


        

760

122

835


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

548)
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax

163

085)
        


        

923

037

992


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

863
064

726
004

671
780


        

992
997

828
512

770
359




        
          

        
          
            

 net
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 1 &#x2014;
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES


Basis of Presentation
 and Consolidation and Description of Business
Our consolidated financial
 statements include the accounts of John B. Sanfilippo&#xA0;&amp;
 Son
 Inc.
 and our two wholly-owned subsidiaries
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC and JBSS Ventures
 LLC. During the third quarter of fiscal
 2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its real estate
 holdings to JBSS Real Estate
 LLC (a recently formed subsidiary)
 and JBSS Properties
 LLC changed its name to JBSS Ventures
 LLC.
 Our fiscal year ends on the last Thursday of June each year
 and
 typically consists of fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week
 quarters). However
 the year ended June&#xA0;30
 2011 consisted of
 fifty-three weeks
 as our fourth quarter contained fourteen weeks.
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related
 footnotes are presented in accordance with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;).
We are one of the leading
 processors and distributors of peanuts and tree nuts in the United
 States. These nuts are sold under a variety of private brands and

Sunshine
 Country
 and in most
 cases manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and
 snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and
 confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 sunflower seeds
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under
 private brands and brand names. Our products are sold through the
 major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 contract
 packaging customers and international customers.
 
Certain reclassifications
 have been made to the consolidated balance sheet at June&#xA0;28
 2012 to conform to the current year presentation which had no
 effect on net equity reported for any period.
Management
 Estimates
The preparation of
 financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to
 make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
 reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
 period. Significant estimates include reserves for customer
 deductions
 allowances for doubtful accounts
 the quantity and
 valuation of bulk inventories
 the evaluation of recoverability of
 long-lived assets
 the realizability of deferred tax assets and
 various other accrual accounts. Actual results could differ from
 those estimates.
Accounts
 Receivable
Accounts receivable are
 stated at the amounts charged to customers
 less allowances for
 doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated cash discounts and
 customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful accounts is
 calculated by specifically identifying customers that are credit
 risks and estimating the extent that other non-specifically
 identified customers will become credit risks. Account balances are
 charged off against the allowance when we conclude that it is
 probable the receivable will not be recovered. The reserve for
 estimated cash discounts is based on historical experience. The
 reserve for customer deductions represents known customer short
 payments and an estimate of future credit memos that will be issued
 to customers related to rebates and allowances for marketing and
 promotions based on historical experience.

 &#xA0;
 
Inventories
 which consist
 principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit
 and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of
 cost (first-in
 first-out) or market which approximates actual
 cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at least quarterly. Fluctuations
 in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews
 and other nuts may affect the value of inventory
 gross profit and
 gross profit margin. When expected market sales prices move below
 costs
 we record adjustments to write down the carrying values of
 inventories to the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market.
 The results of our shelling process can also result in changes to
 inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus
 expected crop yields. We maintain significant inventories of
 bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of
 inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based on our inventory
 systems and are subject to quarterly physical verification
 techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The
 quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are
 generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen month period
 at which
 time revisions to any estimates are also recorded.
We store a large amount of
 peanut inventory on behalf of the United States government at
 various facilities. As a licensed United States Department of
 Agriculture Nut Warehouse Operator
 to the extent that we do not
 purchase these peanuts
 we are responsible for delivering the loan
 value of the peanut inventory in our possession as represented on
 the warehouse receipt to the holder of the warehouse receipt on
 demand. We are responsible for any decline in the value of the
 peanut inventory due to a decline in quality or shrinkage in excess
 of an allowable amount. No such declines in value are currently
 anticipated.
Property
 Plant and
 Equipment
Property
 plant and
 equipment are stated at cost. Major improvements that extend the
 useful life
 add capacity
 or add functionality are capitalized and
 charged to expense through depreciation. Repairs and maintenance
 are charged to expense as incurred. The cost and accumulated
 depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the
 respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is recognized currently
 in operating income.
Depreciation expense for
 the last three fiscal years is as follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0; 2013
 
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0; 2012
 
 
 
June&#xA0;30
&#xA0; 2011
 

 


Depreciation
 expense

 
 
13
648
 
 
 
14
062
 
 
 
14
901
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 
Cost is depreciated using
 the straight-line method over the following estimated useful
 lives:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 

 

Machinery and
 equipment

 
 
 
 



Furniture and leasehold
 improvements

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



Computers and
 software

 
 
 
 

 
No interest costs were
 capitalized for the last three fiscal years due to the lack of any
 significant project.
Assets Held For
 Sale
An asset is classified as
 held for sale when (i)&#xA0;management commits to a plan to sell
 and it is actively marketed
 (ii)&#xA0;it is available for
 immediate sale and the sale is expected to be completed within one
 year and (iii)&#xA0;it is unlikely significant changes to the plan
 will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. Assets held for
 sale may exceed one year due to events or circumstances beyond our
 control. Recoverability is also assessed and assets held for sale
 are reported at the lower of carrying value or fair-value less
 costs to sell. Assets classified as held for sale are no longer
 depreciated and reported on separate lines of the balance
 sheet.
We currently have assets
 held for sale on our consolidated balance sheets at June&#xA0;27
 2013 due to the pending sale of property we own. For more
 information
 see Note 15 &#x2014; Assets Held for Sale.

 &#xA0;
 
In accordance with
 authoritative guidance on goodwill under the provisions of ASC 350
 &#x201C;Intangibles-Goodwill and Other&#x201D;
 goodwill is subject
 to impairment testing at least annually or more frequently if an
 event occurs or conditions change that would more likely than not
 reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value.
 We performed our impairment test
 annually during the fourth
 quarter
 using the two-step method.
We completed an acquisition
 of certain assets and liabilities of Orchard Valley Harvest
 (&#x201C;OVH&#x201D;) during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010.
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011
 we experienced a
 significant decline in the market value and operating results of
 the Company driven by challenging market conditions and also
 performed our annual impairment analysis under the provisions of
 ASC 350. Based upon our analysis
 we concluded that the entire
 goodwill balance of $5
662 was impaired.
Impairment of Long-Lived
 Assets
We review held and used
 long-lived assets
 including our rental investment property and
 amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess
 recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever
 events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the
 carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such
 events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
 expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the
 asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long lived asset
 or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of
 future cash flows derived from the most recent business
 projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair
 value.
We did not record any
 impairment of long-lived assets for the last three fiscal
 years.
Deferred Financing
 Costs
Deferred financing costs
 are incurred to obtain long-term financing and are amortized using
 the effective interest method over the term of the related debt.
 The amortization of deferred financing costs
 which is classified
 in interest expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
 income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 

 


Amortization of deferred
 financing costs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 
Facility Consolidation
 Project/Real Estate Transactions
In April 2005
 we acquired
 property to be used for the Elgin Site. Two buildings are located
 on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an office building.
 Approximately 71% of the office building is currently vacant. The
 other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and modified for use as
 our principal processing facility and headquarters. The allocation
 of the purchase price to the two buildings was determined through a
 third party appraisal. The value assigned to the office building is
 included in rental investment property on the balance sheet. The
 value assigned to the warehouse building is included in
 &#x201C;Property
 plant and equipment&#x201D;.
The net rental expense from
 the office building is included in the caption &#x201C;Rental and
 miscellaneous expense
 net&#x201D;. Gross rental income and Rental
 (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal years are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 

 


Gross rental
 income

 
 
1
671
 
 
 
1
426
 
 
 
1
458
 

 

Rental (expense)
 net

 
 
(1
495
 
 
 
(1
450
 
 
 
(1
412
 

 

 &#xA0;
Expected future gross
 rental income under operating leases within the office building is
 as follows for the fiscal years ending:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 

 


June&#xA0;26
 2014

 
 
1
848
 

 

June 25
 2015

 
 
1
860
 



June 30
 2016

 
 
1
873
 

 

June 29
 2017

 
 
1
718
 



June 28
 2018

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
2
660
 


 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
10
534
 


 
 

 


 

 

 
On March&#xA0;28
 2006
 our
 wholly-owned subsidiary JBSS Properties
 LLC acquired title by
 quitclaim deed to the site that was originally purchased in Elgin
 Illinois (the &#x201C;Old Elgin Site&#x201D;) for our facility
 consolidation project and also entered into an Assignment and
 Assumption Agreement (the &#x201C;Agreement&#x201D;) with the City of
 Elgin (the &#x201C;City&#x201D;). In the third quarter of fiscal
 2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its properties and
 agreements to JBSS Real Estate
 LLC. Under the terms of the
 Agreement
 the City assigned to us the City&#x2019;s remaining
 rights and obligations under a development agreement entered into
 by and among the Company
 certain related party partnerships and
 the City (the &#x201C;Development Agreement&#x201D;). The Mortgage
 Facility is secured
 in part
 by the Old Elgin Site. We must obtain
 the consent of the Mortgage Lender (as defined below) prior to the
 sale of the Old Elgin Site. Also
 the State of Illinois
 the
 original owner of the Old Elgin Site that sold it to the City
 has
 the option to repurchase the Old Elgin Site. We currently have an
 agreed upon sales contract and the State of Illinois has waived its
 repurchase option. Consequently
 we have classified these assets as
 held for sale in the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 15. A
 portion of the Old Elgin Site contains an office building (which we
 began renting to a third-party during the third quarter of fiscal
 2007) that will likely be included in any future sale. We incurred
 $6
806 of gross costs under the Development Agreement
 and had
 carrying values of $6
175 and $6
228 at June&#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&#xA0;28
 2012
 respectively. These costs are recorded as
 &#x201C;Assets held for sale&#x201D; at June&#xA0;27
 2013 and
 &#x201C;Rental investment property&#x201D; at June&#xA0;28
 2012.
In September 2012
 we
 completed the sale of land and a building where we owned and
 operated a retail store in Barrington
 Illinois. Proceeds from the
 sale were $870
 net of expenses of $45
 and resulted in a pre-tax
 gain of $660 which is recorded in &#x201C;Administrative
 expenses&#x201D; for the year ended June&#xA0;27
 2013.
Introductory
 Funds
The ability to sell to
 certain retail customers often requires upfront payments to be made
 by us. Such payments are frequently made pursuant to contracts that
 stipulate the term of the agreement
 the quantity and type of
 products to be sold and any exclusivity requirements. If
 appropriate
 the cost of these payments is recorded as an asset and
 is amortized over the term of the contract. We expense payments if
 no written arrangement exists and amounts are not recoverable in
 the event of customer cancellation.
Total introductory funds
 are insignificant at both June&#xA0;27
 2013&#xA0;June&#xA0;28
 2012.
Amortization of
 introductory funds
 which is recorded as a reduction in net sales
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 

 


Amortization of
 introductory funds

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 
Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments
Authoritative guidance
 issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;) defines fair value as the price that would be
 received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
 transaction between market participants on the measurement date.
 The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes
 observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value into
 three broad levels:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the
 measurement date for identical assets and liabilities.

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets.
 For example
 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in
 active markets or quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities
 in inactive markets.

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data
 available.

 
The carrying values of
 cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate
 their fair values at June&#xA0;27
 2013 and June&#xA0;28
 2012
 because of the short-term maturities and nature of these
 balances.
The carrying value of our
 Credit Facility (as defined below) borrowings approximates fair
 value at June&#xA0;27
 2013 and June&#xA0;28
 2012 because interest
 rates on this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2
 criteria)
 the short term maturity and nature of this balance. In
 addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent
 credit risk.
The estimated fair value of
 long-term debt
 including current maturities
 at June&#xA0;27
 2013
 and June&#xA0;28
 2012 was $46
059 and $53
327
 respectively
 and
 the related carrying value was $42
355 and $48
930
 respectively.
 The estimated fair value of our long-term debt was determined using
 a market approach based upon Level 2 observable inputs
 which
 estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on
 loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or
 broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes
 in the underlying assets securing our long-term debt.
Revenue
 Recognition
We recognize revenue when
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has transferred
 (based upon terms of shipment)
 price is fixed
 delivery occurs and
 collection is reasonably assured. We sell our products under some
 arrangements which include customer contracts which fix the sales
 price for periods
 typically of up to one year
 for some industrial
 customers and through specific programs consisting of promotion
 allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer customers and commercial ingredient
 users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the
 terms of specific arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of
 rebates and promotion and marketing allowances. Revenues are also
 recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for
 based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to
 return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product
 returns have been insignificant. Provisions for returns are
 reflected as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based upon
 customer specific circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling
 costs are included in revenues.
Segment
 Reporting
We operate in a single
 reportable operating segment that consists of selling various nut
 and nut related products through multiple distribution
 channels.
Significant Customers
 and Concentration of Credit Risk
The highly competitive
 nature of our business provides an environment for the loss of
 customers and the opportunity to gain new customers. We are subject
 to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts
 receivable
 and attempt to mitigate this risk through our credit
 evaluation process
 collection terms and through geographical
 dispersion of sales. Sales to three customers each exceeded 10% of
 net sales during fiscal 2013. In fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011 two
 customers each had sales that exceeded 10% of net sales. Sales to
 these customers represented approximately 48%
 36% and 32% of our
 net sales in fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 respectively. Net accounts receivable from these customers were 49%
 and 29% of net accounts receivable at June&#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&#xA0;28
 2012
 respectively.

 &#xA0;
Promotion
 Marketing and
 Advertising Costs
Promotion allowances
 customer rebates and marketing allowances are recorded at the time
 revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions in sales.
 Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon projected volumes
 for the year
 while promotion and marketing allowances are recorded
 based upon terms of the actual arrangements. Coupon incentive costs
 are accrued based on estimates of product sold to retailers at our
 measurement date and an estimate of redemptions to
 occur.
The majority of marketing
 costs and substantially all advertising costs are incurred to
 promote and support branded products in the consumer distribution
 channel. These costs are expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling
 expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 

 


Marketing and advertising
 expense

 
 
10
928
 
 
 
8
946
 
 
 
7
864
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 
Shipping and Handling
 Costs
Shipping and handling
 costs
 which include freight and other expenses to prepare finished
 goods for shipment
 are included in selling expenses. Shipping and
 handling costs for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 

 


Shipping and handling
 costs

 
 
15
801
 
 
 
15
757
 
 
 
17
937
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 
Research and Development
 Expenses
Research and development
 expense represents the cost of our research and development
 personnel and their related expenses and are charged to selling
 expenses as incurred. Research and development expense for the last
 three fiscal years were as follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 

 


Research and development
 expense

 
 
1
233
 
 
 
1
062
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 
Income
 Taxes
We account for income taxes
 using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition
 of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax
 consequences of events that have been reported in our financial
 statements or tax returns. Such items give rise to differences in
 the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A
 valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amount of
 deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a
 portion of the asset will not be realized. Any investment tax
 credits are accounted for by using the flow-through method
 whereby
 the credits are reflected as reductions of tax expense in the year
 they are recognized in the financial statements. In estimating
 future tax consequences
 we consider all expected future events
 other than changes in tax law or rates.
We record liabilities for
 uncertain income tax positions based on a two-step process. The
 first step is recognition
 where we evaluate whether an individual
 tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being
 sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the
 position
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation
 processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a
 less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is
 recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold
 in the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the
 benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may
 differ from our estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the
 recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax
 positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are
 recorded in results of operations and financial position in the
 period in which such changes occur. As of June&#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&#xA0;28
 2012
 we had liabilities for uncertain tax positions
 totaling $131 and $122
 respectively.

 &#xA0;
We recognize interest and
 penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in the
 income tax expense /(benefit) caption in the consolidated statement
 of comprehensive income.
We evaluate the realization
 of deferred tax assets by considering our historical taxable income
 and future taxable income based upon the reversal of deferred tax
 liabilities. As of June&#xA0;27
 2013
 we believe that our deferred
 tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $815 of basis
 differences for which we have provided a valuation allowance. The
 amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable
 however
 could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable
 income during the carryforward period are reduced.
Earnings per
 Share
Basic earnings per common
 share are calculated using the weighted average number of shares of
 Common Stock and Class&#xA0;A Stock outstanding during the period.
 Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that
 could occur if securities or other contracts to issue Common Stock
 were exercised or converted into Common Stock or resulted in the
 issuance of Common Stock. The following table presents the
 reconciliation of the weighted average shares outstanding used in
 computing basic and diluted earnings per share:&#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year
 Ended
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
Year
 Ended
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
Year
 Ended
June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 

 


Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &#x2014; basic

 
 
10
863
064
 
 
 
10
726
004
 
 
 
10
671
780
 

 

Effect of dilutive
 securities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Stock options and
 restricted stock units

 
 
129
933
 
 
 
102
508
 
 
 
98
579
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &#x2014; diluted

 
 
10
992
997
 
 
 
10
828
512
 
 
 
10
770
359
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 
The following table
 presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock options excluded from the
 computation of diluted earnings per share:&#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0; 2013
 
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0; 2012
 
 
 
June&#xA0;30
&#xA0; 2011
 

 


Weighted average number of
 anti-dilutive shares:

 
 
41
375
 
 
 
107
125
 
 
 
125
375
 

 

Weighted average exercise
 price:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Comprehensive
 Income
We account for
 comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic 220
 &#x201C;Comprehensive Income&#x201D;. This topic establishes
 standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its
 components in a full set of general-purpose financial statements.
 The topic requires that all components of comprehensive income be
 reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same
 prominence as other financial statements. This topic also requires
 all non-owner changes in stockholders&#x2019; equity be presented in
 either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in
 two separate but consecutive statements.
Recent Accounting
 Pronouncements
In February 2013
 the FASB
 issued ASU No.&#xA0;2013-02
 &#x201C;Comprehensive Income (Topic
 220)&#x2014;Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income.&#x201D; The new guidance requires
 presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on
 the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the
 notes
 information about significant amounts required under U.S.
 GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
 income in their entirety. For amounts not required to be
 reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required
 to cross-reference to other disclosures that provide additional
 details about those amounts. This guidance is effective for fiscal
 years beginning on or after December&#xA0;15
 2012
 and interim
 periods within those annual periods. The Company will adopt this
 guidance during fiscal 2014 and does not expect the adoption to
 have a material effect on our financial position
 results of
 operations or cash flows.
In July 2013 the FASB
 issued ASU 2013-11
 &#x201C;Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax
 Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists
&#x201D; which amends ASC 740
 &#x201C;Income Taxes.&#x201D; This new guidance requires that a
 liability related to an unrecognized tax benefit be offset against
 a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward
 a
 similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward if certain criteria
 are met. The provisions of this update are effective for fiscal
 years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after
 December&#xA0;15
 2013. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments
 should be applied prospectively to all unrecognized tax benefits
 that exist at the effective date. Retrospective application is
 permitted. The Company will adopt this guidance during fiscal 2015
 and does not expect the adoption to have a material effect on our
 financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 15 &#x2014; ASSETS
 HELD FOR SALE
Since March 2006 we have
 owned property in Elgin
 Illinois (the &#x201C;Old Elgin
 Site&#x201D;) originally purchased for our facility consolidation
 project. During the third quarter of fiscal 2013 we reached an
 agreed upon sales contract with a third party. The State of
 Illinois
 the original owner of the Old Elgin Site
 has the option
 to repurchase this property and has waived this repurchase option.
 The planned sale of this property meets the criteria of an asset
 &#x201C;Held for Sale&#x201D; in accordance with ASC 360

 Plant and Equipment
 required to be measured at the lower of their carrying value or
 fair value less cost to sell. No adjustment to fair value less
 costs to sell was required. A current asset of $6
175 is presented
 in the consolidated balance sheets at June&#xA0;27
 2013.
 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Depreciation expense for
 the last three fiscal years is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0; 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0; 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0; 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Depreciation
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cost is depreciated using
 the straight-line method over the following estimated useful
 lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Machinery and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Furniture and leasehold
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Computers and
 software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph b
 -Article 5
Estimated Useful Lives of Property
 Plant and Equipment
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The amortization of
 deferred financing costs
 which is classified in interest expense
 in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
 was as
 follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of deferred
 financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The net rental expense from
 the office building is included in the caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and
 miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross rental income and Rental
 (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal years are as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross rental
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rental (expense)
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected future gross
 rental income under operating leases within the office building is
 as follows for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 25
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 29
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 28
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of
 introductory funds
 which is recorded as a reduction in net sales
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of
 introductory funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The majority of marketing
 costs and substantially all advertising costs are incurred to
 promote and support branded products in the consumer distribution
 channel. These costs are expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling
 expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Marketing and advertising
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Advertising expenses
Marketing and Advertising Expenses
 Recorded in Selling Expenses
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shipping and handling costs
 for the last three fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shipping and handling
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and development
 expense represents the cost of our research and development
 personnel and their related expenses and are charged to selling
 expenses as incurred. Research and development expense for the last
 three fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and development
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents the reconciliation of the weighted average shares
 outstanding used in computing basic and diluted earnings per
 share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
863
064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
726
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
671
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Effect of dilutive
 securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Stock options and
 restricted stock units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;129
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;102
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;98
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
992
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
828
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
770
359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock options excluded from the
 computation of diluted earnings per share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0; 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0; 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0; 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;107
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;125
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average exercise
 price:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257













    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        


        

021

785


        
        
        


        
        

701


        
        
        


        

912

823


        
        
        


        

723

823


        
        
        


        

525)

801)


        
        
        


        

099
        


        

690

123


        
        
        


        

046

334


        

194
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

335

486


        

882)

946)


        
        
        


        

709

486


        

882)

946)


        

432

309


        

882)

946)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits
 Employee Benefits Non Current
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which can only be deducted for tax purposes when actual costs are incurred
 and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which result from applying the applicable tax rate to taxable temporary differences pertaining to each jurisdiction to which the entity is obligated to pay income tax.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15A
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=SL6600010-109319













    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified












Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5




Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5




Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5




Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5




Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
















Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 14.D.2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27013229&amp;loc=d3e301413-122809
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 14
 -Section D
 -Subsection 2




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(iv)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 14.D.2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27013229&amp;loc=d3e301413-122809
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 14
 -Section D
 -Subsection 2













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 9 &#x2014;
 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS
At our annual meeting of
 stockholders on October&#xA0;30
 2008
 our stockholders approved a
 new equity incentive plan (the&#xA0;&#x201C;2008 Equity Incentive
 Plan&#x201D;) pursuant to which awards of options and stock-based
 awards may be made to members of the Board of Directors
 employees
 and other individuals providing services to the Company. A total of
 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock are authorized for grants of
 awards under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
 which may be in the
 form of options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 stock
 appreciation rights (&#x201C;SARs&#x201D;)
 Common Stock or dividends
 and dividend equivalents. As of June&#xA0;27
 2013
 there were
 664
915 shares of Common Stock that remained authorized for future
 grants of awards
 subject to the limitations set below. A maximum
 of 500
000 of the 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock authorized under
 the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan may be used for grants of Common
 Stock
 restricted stock and restricted stock units. Additionally
 awards of options or SARs are limited to 100
000 shares annually to
 any single individual
 and awards of Common Stock
 restricted stock
 or restricted stock units are limited to 50
000 shares annually to
 any single individual. All restricted stock units granted under the
 2008 Equity Incentive Plan have vesting periods of three years for
 awards to employees and one year for awards to non-employee members
 of the Board of Directors. Recipients of restricted stock unit
 awards have the option to defer receipt of vested shares until a
 specified later date
 typically soon after separation from the
 Company. The exercise price of stock options was determined as set
 forth in the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan by the Compensation
 Committee of our Board of Directors
 and must be at least the fair
 market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as
 set forth in the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
 options expire upon
 termination of employment or directorship
 as applicable. The
 options granted under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan are
 exercisable 25% annually commencing on the first anniversary date
 of grant and become fully exercisable on the fourth anniversary
 date of grant. Options generally will expire no later than ten
 years after the date on which they are granted. We issue new shares
 of Common Stock upon exercise of stock options.
The 2008 Equity Incentive
 Plan replaced a stock option plan approved at our annual meeting of
 stockholders on October&#xA0;28
 1998 (the&#xA0;&#x201C;1998 Equity
 Incentive Plan&#x201D;) pursuant to which awards of options and
 stock-based awards could be made. There were 700
000 shares of
 Common Stock authorized for issuance to certain key employees and
 &#x201C;outside directors&#x201D; (i.e.
 directors who are not
 employees of the Company). The exercise price of the options was
 determined as set forth in the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan by the
 Board of Directors and was at least the fair market value of the
 Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as set forth in the 1998
 Equity Incentive Plan
 options expire upon termination of
 employment or directorship
 as applicable. The options granted
 under the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan are exercisable 25% annually
 commencing on the first anniversary date of grant and become fully
 exercisable on the fourth anniversary date of grant. Options
 generally will expire no later than ten years after the date on
 which they are granted. We issue new shares of Common Stock upon
 exercise of stock options issued pursuant to the 1998 Equity
 Incentive Plan. Through fiscal 2007
 all of the options granted
 except those granted to outside directors
 were intended to qualify
 as incentive stock options within the meaning of Section&#xA0;422
 of the Internal Revenue Code. Effective fiscal 2008
 all option
 grants are non-qualified awards. The 1998 Equity Incentive Plan
 terminated on September&#xA0;1
 2008. However
 all outstanding
 options issued pursuant to the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan will
 continue to be governed by the terms of the 1998 Equity Incentive
 Plan and their respective award agreements.
We determine the fair value
 of stock option awards using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
 model. The following weighted-average assumptions were used to
 determine the fair value of options granted for the last three
 fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Risk-free interest
 rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Expected dividend
 yield

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Expected
 volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Expected life
 (years)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


The expected term of the
 awards was determined using the &#x201C;simplified method&#x201D; as
 stated in SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No.&#xA0;107 that utilizes
 the following formula: ((vesting term + original contract term)/2).
 Expected stock volatility was determined based on historical
 volatility for the 6.25 year-period preceding the measurement date.
 The risk-free rate was based on the yield curve in effect at the
 time the options were granted
 using U.S. treasury constant
 maturities over the expected life of the option. Expected
 forfeitures were determined based upon our expectations and past
 experiences. Expected dividend yield was based on our dividend
 policy at the time the options were granted.
The following is a summary
 of stock option activity for the year ended June&#xA0;27
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Term
 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 June&#xA0;28
 2012

 
 
205
500
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
3
000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
(92
375
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 June&#xA0;27
 2013

 
 
115
250
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 

 

Exercisable at
 June&#xA0;27
 2013

 
 
112
625
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
The number of stock options
 vested
 and expected to vest in the future
 as of June&#xA0;27
 2013
 is not significantly different from the number of stock
 options outstanding at June&#xA0;27
 2013
 as stated above. All
 options granted during fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012
 and fiscal 2011
 were at exercise prices equal to the market price of Common Stock
 at the grant date.
The following table
 summarizes the weighted-average grant-date fair value of option
 awards granted
 the total intrinsic value of all options exercised
 and the total cash received from the exercise of options for the
 last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Weighted-average grant date
 fair value of options granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Total intrinsic value of
 options exercised

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Total cash received from
 exercise of options

 
 
1
219
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


The following is a summary
 of non-vested stock options for the year ended June&#xA0;27
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 Fair Value
 



Non-vested at
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012

 
 
1
875
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
3
000
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
(1
875
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Non-vested at June
 27
&#xA0;2013

 
 
2
625
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


Exercise prices for options
 outstanding as of June&#xA0;27
 2013 ranged from $7.95 to $32.30
 and may be segregated into two ranges
 as shown below:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Option Price Per Share
 Range
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Number of
 options

 
 
56
500
 
 
 
58
750
 

 

Weighted-average exercise
 price

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Weighted-average remaining
 life in years

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Number of options
 exercisable

 
 
56
125
 
 
 
56
500
 



Weighted-average exercise
 price for exercisable options

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Restricted stock units
 granted to employees and outside directors vest over a three-year
 and one-year period
 respectively. The fair value of restricted
 stock awards is determined based on the market price of our Common
 Stock on the date of grant.
The following is a summary
 of restricted stock unit activity for the year ended June&#xA0;27
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Restricted
 Stock Units

 
 
 
 
 

 
 Fair&#xA0; Value
 



Outstanding at June
 28
&#xA0;2012

 
 
220
500
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
66
294
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
(64
000
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(7
500
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Outstanding at June
 27
&#xA0;2013

 
 
215
294
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
At June&#xA0;27
 2013 there
 were 37
500 restricted stock units outstanding that were vested but
 deferred. At June&#xA0;28
 2012 there were 34
000 restricted stock
 units outstanding that were vested but deferred. The non-vested
 restricted stock units at June&#xA0;27
 2013 will vest over a
 weighted-average period of 1.2 years.
In the first quarter of
 fiscal 2011 we granted 10
000 SARs to a marketing consultant which
 vested over a three year period and have a ten year term. In the
 third quarter of fiscal 2013 the consultant exercised 7
500 of the
 SARs and the Compensation Committee accelerated the vesting of the
 remaining awards. At June&#xA0;27
 2013 the remaining liability for
 the SAR&#x2019;s is insignificant.
Under the fair value
 recognition provisions of ASC Topic 718
 stock-based compensation
 is measured at the grant-date based on the fair value of the award
 and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.
 The following table summarizes compensation cost charged to
 earnings for all equity compensation plans and the total income tax
 benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28

 2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30

 2011
 



Compensation cost charged
 to earnings

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Income tax benefit
 recognized

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


At June&#xA0;27
 2013
 there was $994 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to
 non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under our
 stock-based compensation plans. We expect to recognize that cost
 over a weighted-average period of 1.2 years.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rent expense aggregated
 under these operating leases was as follows for the last three
 fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rent expense related to
 operating leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
414&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Aggregate non-cancelable
 lease commitments under these operating leases with initial or
 remaining terms greater than one year are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 26
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 25
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 29
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;791&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 28
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717









 Plant and Equipment (Detail)


1045 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies - Estimated Useful Lives of Property
 Plant and Equipment (Detail)




Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life



Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life



Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life



Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life



Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life



Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life



Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life



Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life



Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life



Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Property
Significant Accounting Policies - Estimated Useful Lives of Property
 Plant and Equipment (Detail)












    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

555)

494
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

579
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Long-term debt consists of
 the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mortgage Facility
 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche A&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in
 monthly principal installments of $200 plus interest at
 7.63%&amp;#xA0;per annum through February 2023 with a final principal
 payment of $600 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mortgage Facility
 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche B&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in
 monthly principal installments of $50 plus interest at the greater
 of one month LIBOR plus 4.00%&amp;#xA0;per annum or 5.00% through
 February 2023 with a final principal payment of $150 on
 March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Industrial development
 bonds
 collateralized by building
 machinery and equipment with a
 cost aggregating $8
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Selma
 Texas facility
 financing obligation to related parties
 due in monthly
 installments of $121 through September&amp;#xA0;1
 2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Equipment loan
 collateralized by machinery and equipment
 monthly installments of
 $30 through December 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Capitalized equipment
 leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;42
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;48
930&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: Current
 maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(12
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total long-term
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;33
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 835
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584090&amp;loc=d3e28878-108400
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 835
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6451184&amp;loc=d3e28551-108399
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 835
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1A
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6451184&amp;loc=d3e28541-108399
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21475-112644
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21506-112644
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 7
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21521-112644
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21538-112644
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 470
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6479336&amp;loc=d3e64711-112823

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Aggregate maturities of
 long-term debt are as follows for the fiscal years
 ending:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 25
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 29
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 28
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;42
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6802200&amp;loc=d3e1835-112601














&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 16 &amp;#x2014;
 DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL AND PRODUCT TYPE SALES MIX&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We operate in a single
 reportable operating segment through which we sell various nut
 products through multiple distribution channels.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following summarizes
 net sales by distribution channel for the fiscal years
 ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 72pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Distribution
 Channel&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Consumer *&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;436
228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;418
699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;414
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Commercial
 Ingredients&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;177
774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;176
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;160
817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Contract
 Packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;85
940&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;70
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;64
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Export&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34
877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34
884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;734
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;700
575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;674
212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Sales of branded products
 were approximately 30%
 29% and 31% of total consumer channel sales
 during fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following summarizes
 sales by product type as a percentage of total gross sales. The
 information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments
 such as promotional discounts
 are not
 allocable to product types
 for the fiscal year ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Product
 Type&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Peanuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Pecans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cashews &amp;amp; Mixed
 Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;19.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Walnuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Almonds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;For all periods presented
 the largest component of the &amp;#x201C;Other&amp;#x201D; product type is
 trail and snack mixes which include nut products.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;












    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified



The pretax net amount of gains and losses that are not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost
 and that are recognized as increases or decreases in other comprehensive income as they arise. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (j)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Amount related to the pretax cost of benefit changes attributable to plan participants' prior service pursuant to a plan amendment or a plan initiation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (j)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (j)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Glossary Prior Service Cost
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6521920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Glossary Prior Service Cost
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6521884


The total of net gain (loss)
 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14A
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669686-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (j-k)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e681-108580
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
















Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=34349781&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319

Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=34349781&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319
State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=34349781&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=34349781&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=34349781&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=34349781&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(2))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Subparagraph 2
 -Article 4













    
  
      

Intangible Assets - Amortization of Intangible assets (Detail) (Administrative Expenses [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

069

973

204




        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
We purchase materials from
 a company that is effectively owned by two members of our Board of
 Directors who are also executive officers
 and individuals directly
 related to them. Purchases from this related party aggregated to
 the following for the years ending:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Purchases from related
 party

 
 
10
723
 
 
 
11
474
 
 
 
11
187
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
Accounts payable to this
 related entity aggregated to the following for the fiscal years
 ending:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 



June&#xA0;27
 2013

 
 
 
 

 

June&#xA0;28
 2012

 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 18 &#x2014;
 SUPPLEMENTARY QUARTERLY DATA (Unaudited)
The following unaudited
 quarterly consolidated financial data are presented for fiscal 2013
 and fiscal 2012. Quarterly financial results necessarily rely on
 estimates and caution is required in drawing specific conclusions
 from quarterly consolidated results.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Year Ended June&#xA0;27
 2013:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
177
507
 
 
 
215
619
 
 
 
163
815
 
 
 
177
393
 



 

 
 
30
573
 
 
 
36
676
 
 
 
22
879
 
 
 
29
834
 

 

Income from
 operations

 
 
13
869
 
 
 
14
426
 
 
 
3
324
 
 
 
10
000
 



 

 
 
7
534
 
 
 
8
301
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5
583
 

 

Basic earnings per common
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Diluted earnings per common
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Year Ended June&#xA0;28
 2012:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
156
800
 
 
 
223
309
 
 
 
153
760
 
 
 
166
706
 



 

 
 
21
766
 
 
 
35
441
 
 
 
22
094
 
 
 
27
753
 

 

Income from
 operations

 
 
5
491
 
 
 
15
782
 
 
 
4
033
 
 
 
7
667
 



 

 
 
2
442
 
 
 
9
354
 
 
 
1
440
 
 
 
3
886
 

 

Basic earnings per common
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Diluted earnings per common
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
The fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2012 contained a $900 increase in cost of sales due to a
 change in the estimate of on-hand quantities of bulk-stored inshell
 pecan and walnut inventories.


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 17 &#x2014;
 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
The following table details
 the activity in various allowance and reserve accounts.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
of
 Period
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Period
 



June&#xA0;27
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Allowance for doubtful
 accounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Reserve for customer
 deductions

 
 
2
122
 
 
 
4
256
 
 
 
(4
494
 
 
 
1
884
 

 

Reserve for cash
 discounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
9
899
 
 
 
(9
899
 
 
 
 
 



Deferred tax asset
 valuation allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
2
867
 
 
 
14
970
 
 
 
(14
394
 
 
 
3
443
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



June&#xA0;28
 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Allowance for doubtful
 accounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Reserve for cash
 discounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
8
447
 
 
 
(8
367
 
 
 
 
 

 

Reserve for customer
 deductions

 
 
2
179
 
 
 
3
638
 
 
 
(3
695
 
 
 
2
122
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
2
873
 
 
 
12
130
 
 
 
(12
136
 
 
 
2
867
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

June&#xA0;30
 2011

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Allowance for doubtful
 accounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Reserve for cash
 discounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
8
100
 
 
 
(8
028
 
 
 
 
 



Reserve for customer
 deductions

 
 
1
513
 
 
 
6
103
 
 
 
(5
437
 
 
 
2
179
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
2
071
 
 
 
14
484
 
 
 
(13
682
 
 
 
2
873
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified



The per share amount of a dividend declared
 but not paid
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4304-108586

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770

Date the dividend to be paid was declared
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4304-108586
Dividends payable date
 declared day
Date the declared dividend will be paid
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4304-108586











In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12

Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12

Total of the deductions in a given period to allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12

Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12




Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12

Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12

Total of the deductions in a given period to allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12

Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12




Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12

Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12

Total of the deductions in a given period to allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12

Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12




Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12

Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12

Total of the deductions in a given period to allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12

Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12




Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12

Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12

Total of the deductions in a given period to allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12

Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12











In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




















Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.












    
  
      

Distribution Channel and Product Type Sales Mix - Schedule of Revenue by Distribution Channel (Parenthetical) (Detail) (Branded products [Member]
 Sales [Member])

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

671

426

458


Rental (expense)
 net

495)

450)

412)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Rent expense aggregated
 under these operating leases was as follows for the last three
 fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Rent expense related to
 operating leases

 
 
1
414
 
 
 
1
459
 
 
 
1
862
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
Aggregate non-cancelable
 lease commitments under these operating leases with initial or
 remaining terms greater than one year are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 



June 26
 2014

 
 
1
088
 

 

June 25
 2015

 
 
1
019
 



June 30
 2016

 
 
 
 

 

June 29
 2017

 
 
 
 



June 28
 2018

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
4
286
 


 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified






The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388964&amp;loc=d3e16225-109274
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Intangible Assets - Amortization of Intangible assets (Detail) (Administrative Expenses [Member]
 USD $)













&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:18px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 10 &amp;#x2014; SPECIAL
 CASH DIVIDEND&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;On December&amp;#xA0;10
 2012
 our Board of Directors
 after considering the financial position of
 our Company
 declared a special cash dividend of $1.00 per share on
 all issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Stock of the Company (the &amp;#x201C;Special Dividend&amp;#x201D;). The
 Special Dividend of $10
889 was paid December&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 to
 stockholders of record at the close of business on
 December&amp;#xA0;20
 2012. The ex-dividend date was the close of
 business on December&amp;#xA0;18
 2012. We obtained the appropriate
 consent from the Bank Lenders in order to declare and pay this
 Special Dividend.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;












    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
The following table details
 the activity in various allowance and reserve accounts.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
of
 Period
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Period
 



June&#xA0;27
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Allowance for doubtful
 accounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Reserve for customer
 deductions

 
 
2
122
 
 
 
4
256
 
 
 
(4
494
 
 
 
1
884
 

 

Reserve for cash
 discounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
9
899
 
 
 
(9
899
 
 
 
 
 



Deferred tax asset
 valuation allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
2
867
 
 
 
14
970
 
 
 
(14
394
 
 
 
3
443
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



June&#xA0;28
 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Allowance for doubtful
 accounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Reserve for cash
 discounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
8
447
 
 
 
(8
367
 
 
 
 
 

 

Reserve for customer
 deductions

 
 
2
179
 
 
 
3
638
 
 
 
(3
695
 
 
 
2
122
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
2
873
 
 
 
12
130
 
 
 
(12
136
 
 
 
2
867
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

June&#xA0;30
 2011

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Allowance for doubtful
 accounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Reserve for cash
 discounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
8
100
 
 
 
(8
028
 
 
 
 
 



Reserve for customer
 deductions

 
 
1
513
 
 
 
6
103
 
 
 
(5
437
 
 
 
2
179
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
2
071
 
 
 
14
484
 
 
 
(13
682
 
 
 
2
873
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

928

946

864




        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Intangible assets subject
 to amortization consist of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 



Customer
 relationships

 
 
10
600
 
 
 
10
600
 

 

Non-compete
 agreement

 
 
5
400
 
 
 
5
400
 



 

 
 
8
090
 
 
 
8
090
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total intangible assets
 gross

 
 
24
090
 
 
 
24
090
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Less accumulated
 amortization:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Customer
 relationships

 
 
(4
689
 
 
 
(3
174
 



Non-compete
 agreement

 
 
(3
501
 
 
 
(1
981
 

 

 

 
 
(8
025
 
 
 
(7
991
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total accumulated
 amortization

 
 
(16
215
 
 
 
(13
146
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Net intangible
 assets

 
 
7
875
 
 
 
10
944
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
Total amortization expense
 related to intangible assets
 which is classified in administrative
 expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
 was
 as follows for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Amortization of intangible
 assets

 
 
3
069
 
 
 
2
973
 
 
 
2
204
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
Expected amortization
 expense for the next five fiscal years is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Fiscal year
 ending
 
 
 



June 26
 2014

 
 
2
629
 

 

June 25
 2015

 
 
2
167
 



June 30
 2016

 
 
1
710
 

 

June 29
 2017

 
 
1
369
 



June 28
 2018

 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 720
 -SubTopic 35
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6420018&amp;loc=d3e36677-107848











In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (d)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (j)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901













    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

483

908

972


        
        
        

021)


        

536

099
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 985
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6501960&amp;loc=d3e128462-111756
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 730
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6420194&amp;loc=d3e21568-108373











In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified





Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Subparagraph 1
 -Article 4

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e32123-109318


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Unrecognized Tax Benefit
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6527854
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15A
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=SL6600010-109319




Tax year that remains open to examination under enacted tax laws
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15
 -Subparagraph (e)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32718-109319




Tax year that remains open to examination under enacted tax laws
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15
 -Subparagraph (e)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32718-109319




Tax year that remains open to examination under enacted tax laws
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15
 -Subparagraph (e)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32718-109319




The amount of the tax credit carryforward
 before tax effects
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32559-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Carryforwards
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506874

Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32559-109319













    
  
      

          

        
        

      


 2013

          







        
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367179&amp;loc=d3e4297-108586
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 25
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3536-108585
Income taxes paid
 refunds












    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


June 26
 2014

690

724


June 25
 2015

749
        


June 30
 2016

776
        


June 29
 2017

807
        


June 28
 2018

841
        


        

492
        


        

355

930




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including current maturities and short-term debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

648

062

901




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

414

459

862




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41499-112717













    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

723

474

187




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 3 &amp;#x2014;
 INTANGIBLE ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Intangible assets subject
 to amortization consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer
 relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-compete
 agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Brand names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total intangible assets
 gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer
 relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-compete
 agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Brand names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
991&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total accumulated
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(16
215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(13
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net intangible
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer relationships and
 the non-compete agreement relate wholly to the Orchard Valley
 Harvest (&amp;#x201C;OVH&amp;#x201D;) acquisition completed in fiscal 2010.
 Customer relationships are being amortized on a straight line basis
 over seven years. The non-compete agreement is being amortized
 based upon the expected pattern of cash flow annual benefit over a
 five year period. The brand name consists primarily of the
 &lt;i&gt;Fisher&lt;/i&gt; brand name
 which we acquired in a 1995 acquisition.
 The &lt;i&gt;Fisher&lt;/i&gt; brand name became fully amortized in fiscal 2011.
 The remainder of the brand name relates to the OVH acquisition and
 is being amortized on a straight line basis over five
 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total amortization expense
 related to intangible assets
 which is classified in administrative
 expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
 was
 as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of intangible
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
973&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected amortization
 expense for the next five fiscal years is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year
 ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 26
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 25
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 29
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 28
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
The entire disclosure for the aggregate amount of goodwill and a description of intangible assets
 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16373-109275
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16265-109275
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13854-109267













    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        

175




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688

Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
Rental (expense)
 net












    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 16 &#x2014;
 DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL AND PRODUCT TYPE SALES MIX
We operate in a single
 reportable operating segment through which we sell various nut
 products through multiple distribution channels.
The following summarizes
 net sales by distribution channel for the fiscal years
 ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Distribution
 Channel

 
June&#xA0;27

 
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 
 
 
June&#xA0;30

 
 



 

 
 
436
228
 
 
 
418
699
 
 
 
414
486
 

 

Commercial
 Ingredients

 
 
177
774
 
 
 
176
611
 
 
 
160
817
 



Contract
 Packaging

 
 
85
940
 
 
 
70
388
 
 
 
64
025
 

 

 

 
 
34
392
 
 
 
34
877
 
 
 
34
884
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
734
334
 
 
 
700
575
 
 
 
674
212
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
Sales of branded products
 were approximately 30%
 29% and 31% of total consumer channel sales
 during fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively



 &#xA0;
The following summarizes
 sales by product type as a percentage of total gross sales. The
 information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments
 such as promotional discounts
 are not
 allocable to product types
 for the fiscal year ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Product
 Type

 
June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 
 
 
June&#xA0;30

 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Cashews &amp; Mixed
 Nuts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


For all periods presented
 the largest component of the &#x201C;Other&#x201D; product type is
 trail and snack mixes which include nut products.
 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

























Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (k)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (k)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

60% - 70% of base
60% - 70% of base
 paid 3 of 5 years










In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=29652012&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=29652012&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=29652012&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319

The tax effect as of the balance sheet date of the amount of the estimated future tax deductions arising from employee benefit costs not otherwise specified in the taxonomy
 which can only be deducted for tax purposes when actual costs are incurred
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=29652012&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=29652012&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319

Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31917-109318
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31931-109318
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 7
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31938-109318
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Deferred Tax Asset
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510090

Amount of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31917-109318
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31928-109318

Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31917-109318
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31931-109318
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31928-109318
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31958-109318


Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=29652012&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=29652012&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=29652012&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314

Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits
 Employee Benefits Non Current
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=29652012&amp;loc=d3e28680-109314
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319



Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31917-109318
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31931-109318
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Deferred Tax Asset
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510090

Gross amount of noncurrent deferred tax liabilities
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31917-109318
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319

Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31917-109318
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31928-109318

Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of noncurrent deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31917-109318
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31931-109318
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31928-109318
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31958-109318


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31931-109318













    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data


          


          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Jun. 24
 2010

894
        
        

787

602

399)

204)


Balance
 Shares at Jun. 24
 2010
        

597
426

166
849
        
        
        
        


        

835
        
        
        

835
        
        


Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax of $296
 309
 and 383 respectively
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $190
 1031
 and 390 respectively
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Equity award exercises
 shares
        
        

731
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Jun. 30
 2011

707
        
        

608

437

242)

204)


Balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2011
        

597
426

182
580
        
        
        
        


        

122
        
        
        

122
        
        


Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax of $296
 309
 and 383 respectively
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $190
 1031
 and 390 respectively

548)
        
        
        
        

548)
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Equity award exercises
 shares
        
        

125
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Jun. 28
 2012

013
        
        

876

559

327)

204)


Balance
 shares at Jun. 28
 2012
        

597
426

282
705
        
        
        
        


        

760
        
        
        

760
        
        


        

889)
        
        
        

889)
        
        


Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax of $296
 309
 and 383 respectively
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $190
 1031
 and 390 respectively
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

341
        
        

340
        
        
        


Equity award exercises
 shares
        
        

704
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at Jun. 27
 2013

304
        
        

132

430

164)

204)


Balance
 shares at Jun. 27
 2013
        

597
426

440
409
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table details
 the activity in various allowance and reserve accounts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 39pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Beginning&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;of
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Allowance for doubtful
 accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for customer
 deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for cash
 discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(9
899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax asset
 valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(14
394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Allowance for doubtful
 accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for cash
 discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for customer
 deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
695&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(12
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Allowance for doubtful
 accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(217&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for cash
 discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for customer
 deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
437&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
484&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(13
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;















Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1448-109256
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Weighted-Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6528421


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257

The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1505-109256


















For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28364263&amp;loc=d3e13537-108611
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6404-108592
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28364263&amp;loc=d3e13531-108611
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 18
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6351-108592
Distribution Channel and Product Type Sales Mix - Schedule of Revenue by Distribution Channel (Parenthetical) (Detail) (Branded products [Member]
 Sales [Member])












    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

760

122

835


        

717

117

968


(Gain) loss on disposition of properties
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        

021)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

662


Change in assets and liabilities
 net of business acquired:
        
        
        


Accounts receivable
 net
        

836)
        


        

322)

446)

575)


        
        
        

420


        

527

784

365)


        

696)

442

420)


        
        

003)
        


        

356
        

436)


Other
 net
        
        

933


        

753

905

236


        
        
        
        


Purchases of property
 plant and equipment

207)

531)

195)


        
        
        
        


Purchase of assets of Orchard Valley Harvest
 Inc.
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

379)

186)

177)


        
        
        
        


        

059

727

130


        

040)

864)

582)


        

575)

309)

257)


        
        
        
        


        

889)
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

702)

135)


        

219
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

999)

581)

175)


        

625)

138
        


Cash
 beginning of period

459

321

437


Cash
 end of period
        

459

321


        
        
        
        


        

131

011

876


Income taxes paid
 excluding refunds of $14
 $565 and $81
 respectively

135

383

163


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent assets and liabilities
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets and liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent liabilities
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.  Includes repayments of (a) debt
 (b) capital lease obligations
 (c) mandatory redeemable capital securities
 and (d) any combination of (a)
 (b)
 or (c).
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 2 &amp;#x2014;
 INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories consist of the
 following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Raw material and
 supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;80
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Work-in-process and
 finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;77
781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;73
522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;158
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;146
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
The entire disclosure for inventory. This may include
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361739&amp;loc=d3e7789-107766
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
 -Article 5











In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











Selma
 Texas properties [Member]
Selma
 Texas properties [Member]
Selma
 Texas properties [Member]




Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(2))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

The interest rate applicable to the portion of the carrying amount of long-term borrowings outstanding as of the balance sheet date
 including current maturities
 which accrues interest at a set
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

The reference rate for the variable rate of the debt instrument
 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used
 such as three months or six months LIBOR.

Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682


Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all debt
 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879938&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6876686&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878







Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 7
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6876686&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 9
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 22
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879938&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910
















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 2 &#x2014;
 INVENTORIES
Inventories consist of the
 following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 



Raw material and
 supplies

 
 
80
925
 
 
 
72
862
 

 

Work-in-process and
 finished goods

 
 
77
781
 
 
 
73
522
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
158
706
 
 
 
146
384
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      






 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2011

          



 2013



          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013



          



 2013

          



 2012

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        


        

915
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

  2008
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500

000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

500
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 5 &amp;#x2014; LONG-TERM
 DEBT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Long-term debt consists of
 the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mortgage Facility
 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche A&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in
 monthly principal installments of $200 plus interest at
 7.63%&amp;#xA0;per annum through February 2023 with a final principal
 payment of $600 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;23
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;26
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Mortgage Facility
 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche B&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in
 monthly principal installments of $50 plus interest at the greater
 of one month LIBOR plus 4.00%&amp;#xA0;per annum or 5.00% through
 February 2023 with a final principal payment of $150 on
 March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Industrial development
 bonds
 collateralized by building
 machinery and equipment with a
 cost aggregating $8
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Selma
 Texas facility
 financing obligation to related parties
 due in monthly
 installments of $121 through September&amp;#xA0;1
 2031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Equipment loan
 collateralized by machinery and equipment
 monthly installments of
 $30 through December 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Capitalized equipment
 leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;42
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;48
930&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less: Current
 maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(12
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total long-term
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;33
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36
206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We are subject to periodic
 interest rate resets for each of Tranche A and Tranche B.
 Specifically
 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2018 (the &amp;#x201C;Tranche A Reset
 Date&amp;#x201D;) and March&amp;#xA0;1
 2014 and every two years thereafter
 (each
 a &amp;#x201C;Tranche B Reset Date&amp;#x201D;)
 the&amp;#xA0;Mortgage
 Lender&amp;#xA0;may reset the interest rates for each of Tranche A and
 Tranche B
 respectively
 in its sole and absolute discretion. If
 the reset interest rate for either Tranche A or Tranche B is
 unacceptable to us and we (i)&amp;#xA0;do not have sufficient funds to
 repay amounts due with respect to Tranche A or Tranche B on the
 Tranche A Reset Date or Tranche B Reset Date
 in each case
 as
 applicable
 or (ii)&amp;#xA0;are unable to refinance amounts due with
 respect to Tranche A or Tranche B on the Tranche A Reset Date or
 Tranche B Reset Date
 in each case
 as applicable
 on terms more
 favorable than the reset interest rates
 then
 depending on the
 extent of the changes in the reset interest rates
 our interest
 expense could increase materially.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Tranche A under the
 Mortgage Facility accrues interest at a fixed interest rate of
 7.63%&amp;#xA0;per annum
 payable monthly. As mentioned above
 such
 interest rate may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on the Tranche A
 Reset Date. Tranche B under the Mortgage Facility accrues interest
 as reset on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2012
 at a floating rate of the greater
 of one month LIBOR plus 4.00%&amp;#xA0;per annum or 5.00%
 payable
 monthly. The margin on such floating rate may be reset by the
 Mortgage Lender on each Tranche B Reset Date; provided
 however
 that the Mortgage Lender may also change the underlying index on
 each Tranche B Reset Date occurring on or after March&amp;#xA0;1
 2016.
 We do not currently anticipate that any change in the floating rate
 or the underlying index will have a material adverse effect upon
 our business
 financial condition or results of
 operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The terms of the Mortgage
 Facility contain covenants that require us to maintain a specified
 net worth of $110
000 and maintain the Encumbered Properties. The
 Mortgage Facility is secured
 in part
 by the Old Elgin Site. We
 must obtain the consent of the Mortgage Lender prior to the sale of
 the Old Elgin Site. A portion of the Old Elgin Site contains an
 office building (which we began renting during the third quarter of
 fiscal 2007) that will likely be included in any future sale. The
 Mortgage Lender is entitled to require immediate repayment of our
 obligations under the Mortgage Facility in the event we default in
 the payments required under the Mortgage Facility
 non-compliance
 with the covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults
 by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 we
 were in compliance with all covenants under the Mortgage Facility.
 We currently believe that we will be in compliance with the
 financial covenants in the Mortgage Facility for the foreseeable
 future and therefore $21
400 has been classified as long-term debt
 as of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 which represents scheduled principal
 payments under Tranche A that are due beyond twelve months. All
 $5
950 outstanding under Tranche B is classified as short-term debt
 as of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 since the Mortgage Lender has the option
 to use any proceeds of any sale of the site that was originally
 purchased by the Company in Elgin
 Illinois to reduce the amount
 outstanding under Tranche B.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We financed the
 construction of a peanut shelling plant in Bainbridge
 Georgia with
 industrial development bonds in 1987. On June&amp;#xA0;1
&amp;#xA0;2011
 we
 remarketed the bonds
 resetting the interest rate at 3.00% through
 May 2013
 and at a market rate to be determined thereafter. On
 June&amp;#xA0;1
 2013
 and on each subsequent interest reset date for
 the bonds
 we are required to redeem the bonds at face value plus
 any accrued and unpaid interest
 unless a bondholder elects to
 retain his or her bonds. We had the option at any time
 however
 subject to certain conditions
 to redeem the bonds at face value
 plus accrued interest
 if any. We exercised that option in June
 2013 and paid $3
290 to fully redeem the bonds.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In September 2006
 we sold
 our Selma
 Texas properties to two related party partnerships for
 $14
300 and are leasing them back. The selling price was determined
 by an independent appraiser to be the fair market value which also
 approximated our carrying value. The lease for the Selma
 Texas
 properties has a ten-year term at a fair market value rent with
 three five-year renewal options. Also
 we have an option to
 purchase the properties from the partnerships after five years at
 95% (100% in certain circumstances) of the then fair market value
 but not to be less than the $14
300 purchase price. The financing
 obligation is being accounted for similar to the accounting for a
 capital lease
 whereby the $14
300 was recorded as a debt
 obligation
 as the provisions of the arrangement are not eligible
 for sale-leaseback accounting. As of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 $12
585 of
 the debt obligation was outstanding.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Aggregate maturities of
 long-term debt are as follows for the fiscal years
 ending:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 25
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 29
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 28
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;42
355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682











In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39622-107864
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39603-107864
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph k
 -Subparagraph 1
 -Article 4
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864











In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified



Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506951
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash Equivalents
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6507016
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3044-108585

Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3-4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 4
 -Article 5
Accounts receivable
 less allowances of $2
628 and $2
867
 respectively
Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6386567&amp;loc=d3e3927-108312
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765

Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31917-109318
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31931-109318
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31928-109318
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31958-109318

Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 8
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 205
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6892542&amp;loc=d3e1107-107759

Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.9)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6801-107765
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 9
 -Article 5

PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT:
Amount before accumulated depletion of real estate held for productive use
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -Subparagraph (e)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6812-107765
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6812-107765

Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6812-107765



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229

Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross
 Total
Amount of accumulated depreciation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.14)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 14
 -Article 5

Property Plant And Equipment
 Total
Rental investment property
Rental investment property
 less accumulated depreciation of $6
470 and $6
256
 respectively
Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 8
 -Article 7
TOTAL PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT


Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319

Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Intangible assets
 net
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 12
 -Article 7
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 18
 -Article 5


The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Line-of-Credit Arrangement
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6517033

Amount of long-term debt and capital leases due within one year or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Current maturities of long-term debt
 including related party debt of $321 and $297
 respectively
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Accounts payable
 including related party payables of $290 and $75
 respectively
Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of payments made in excess of existing cash balances
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Current Liabilities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6509677
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361426&amp;loc=d3e1243-112600

Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Current Liabilities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6509677
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6935-107765
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6911-107765
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e7018-107765

Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.21)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 21
 -Article 5


Amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section H
Long-term debt
 less current maturities
 including related party debt of $12
264 and $12
585
 respectively
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.24)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e2417-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e2410-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915240&amp;loc=d3e1703-114919

Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences
 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31917-109318
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31931-109318
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e31958-109318

Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.24)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 24
 -Article 5

Amount of obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22-26)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 23
 24
 25
 26
 27
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19-26)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 450
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=25496072&amp;loc=d3e14326-108349
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.25)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 25
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 7
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 17
 -Article 9
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.17)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6876686&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879938&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910


Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 31
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.30(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 31
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.31(a)(3))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14A
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=SL7669686-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e681-108580
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 31
 -Article 5
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3

The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405834&amp;loc=d3e23315-112656
Treasury stock
 at cost; 117
900 shares of Common Stock
Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27010918&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 4
 -Section E
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
 -Article 5

Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.32)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 25
 -Article 7
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 32
 -Article 5




Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5




Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5











In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




The interest rate applicable to the portion of the carrying amount of long-term borrowings outstanding as of the balance sheet date
 including current maturities
 which accrues interest at a set
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682





Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

The reference rate for the variable rate of the debt instrument
 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used
 such as three months or six months LIBOR.






Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 470
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6479336&amp;loc=d3e64711-112823
Cost aggregating industrial development bonds
 collateralized by building
 machinery and equipment

Selma
Selma
 Texas properties [Member]

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682













    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Income taxes paid
 refunds
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
The following unaudited
 quarterly consolidated financial data are presented for fiscal 2013
 and fiscal 2012. Quarterly financial results necessarily rely on
 estimates and caution is required in drawing specific conclusions
 from quarterly consolidated results.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Year Ended June&#xA0;27
 2013:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
177
507
 
 
 
215
619
 
 
 
163
815
 
 
 
177
393
 



 

 
 
30
573
 
 
 
36
676
 
 
 
22
879
 
 
 
29
834
 

 

Income from
 operations

 
 
13
869
 
 
 
14
426
 
 
 
3
324
 
 
 
10
000
 



 

 
 
7
534
 
 
 
8
301
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5
583
 

 

Basic earnings per common
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Diluted earnings per common
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Year Ended June&#xA0;28
 2012:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
156
800
 
 
 
223
309
 
 
 
153
760
 
 
 
166
706
 



 

 
 
21
766
 
 
 
35
441
 
 
 
22
094
 
 
 
27
753
 

 

Income from
 operations

 
 
5
491
 
 
 
15
782
 
 
 
4
033
 
 
 
7
667
 



 

 
 
2
442
 
 
 
9
354
 
 
 
1
440
 
 
 
3
886
 

 

Basic earnings per common
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Diluted earnings per common
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
The fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2012 contained a $900 increase in cost of sales due to a
 change in the estimate of on-hand quantities of bulk-stored inshell
 pecan and walnut inventories.


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Basis of Presentation
 and Consolidation and Description of Business
Our consolidated financial
 statements include the accounts of John B. Sanfilippo&#xA0;&amp;
 Son
 Inc.
 and our two wholly-owned subsidiaries
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC and JBSS Ventures
 LLC. During the third quarter of fiscal
 2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its real estate
 holdings to JBSS Real Estate
 LLC (a recently formed subsidiary)
 and JBSS Properties
 LLC changed its name to JBSS Ventures
 LLC.
 Our fiscal year ends on the last Thursday of June each year
 and
 typically consists of fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week
 quarters). However
 the year ended June&#xA0;30
 2011 consisted of
 fifty-three weeks
 as our fourth quarter contained fourteen weeks.
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related
 footnotes are presented in accordance with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;).
We are one of the leading
 processors and distributors of peanuts and tree nuts in the United
 States. These nuts are sold under a variety of private brands and

Sunshine
 Country
 and in most
 cases manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and
 snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and
 confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 sunflower seeds
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under
 private brands and brand names. Our products are sold through the
 major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 contract
 packaging customers and international customers.
 


        
        
 
Certain reclassifications
 have been made to the consolidated balance sheet at June&#xA0;28
 2012 to conform to the current year presentation which had no
 effect on net equity reported for any period.
 


        
        
Management
 Estimates
The preparation of
 financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to
 make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
 reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
 period. Significant estimates include reserves for customer
 deductions
 allowances for doubtful accounts
 the quantity and
 valuation of bulk inventories
 the evaluation of recoverability of
 long-lived assets
 the realizability of deferred tax assets and
 various other accrual accounts. Actual results could differ from
 those estimates.
 


        
        
Accounts
 Receivable
Accounts receivable are
 stated at the amounts charged to customers
 less allowances for
 doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated cash discounts and
 customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful accounts is
 calculated by specifically identifying customers that are credit
 risks and estimating the extent that other non-specifically
 identified customers will become credit risks. Account balances are
 charged off against the allowance when we conclude that it is
 probable the receivable will not be recovered. The reserve for
 estimated cash discounts is based on historical experience. The
 reserve for customer deductions represents known customer short
 payments and an estimate of future credit memos that will be issued
 to customers related to rebates and allowances for marketing and
 promotions based on historical experience.
 


        
        
 
Inventories
 which consist
 principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit
 and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of
 cost (first-in
 first-out) or market which approximates actual
 cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at least quarterly. Fluctuations
 in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews
 and other nuts may affect the value of inventory
 gross profit and
 gross profit margin. When expected market sales prices move below
 costs
 we record adjustments to write down the carrying values of
 inventories to the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market.
 The results of our shelling process can also result in changes to
 inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus
 expected crop yields. We maintain significant inventories of
 bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of
 inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based on our inventory
 systems and are subject to quarterly physical verification
 techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The
 quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are
 generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen month period
 at which
 time revisions to any estimates are also recorded.
We store a large amount of
 peanut inventory on behalf of the United States government at
 various facilities. As a licensed United States Department of
 Agriculture Nut Warehouse Operator
 to the extent that we do not
 purchase these peanuts
 we are responsible for delivering the loan
 value of the peanut inventory in our possession as represented on
 the warehouse receipt to the holder of the warehouse receipt on
 demand. We are responsible for any decline in the value of the
 peanut inventory due to a decline in quality or shrinkage in excess
 of an allowable amount. No such declines in value are currently
 anticipated.
 


Property
 Plant and Equipment
        
Property
 Plant and
 Equipment
Property
 plant and
 equipment are stated at cost. Major improvements that extend the
 useful life
 add capacity
 or add functionality are capitalized and
 charged to expense through depreciation. Repairs and maintenance
 are charged to expense as incurred. The cost and accumulated
 depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the
 respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is recognized currently
 in operating income.
Depreciation expense for
 the last three fiscal years is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0; 2013
 
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0; 2012
 
 
 
June&#xA0;30
&#xA0; 2011
 



Depreciation
 expense

 
 
13
648
 
 
 
14
062
 
 
 
14
901
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


Cost is depreciated using
 the straight-line method over the following estimated useful
 lives:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

Machinery and
 equipment

 
 
 
 



Furniture and leasehold
 improvements

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



Computers and
 software

 
 
 
 


No interest costs were
 capitalized for the last three fiscal years due to the lack of any
 significant project.
 


        
        
Assets Held For
 Sale
An asset is classified as
 held for sale when (i)&#xA0;management commits to a plan to sell
 and it is actively marketed
 (ii)&#xA0;it is available for
 immediate sale and the sale is expected to be completed within one
 year and (iii)&#xA0;it is unlikely significant changes to the plan
 will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. Assets held for
 sale may exceed one year due to events or circumstances beyond our
 control. Recoverability is also assessed and assets held for sale
 are reported at the lower of carrying value or fair-value less
 costs to sell. Assets classified as held for sale are no longer
 depreciated and reported on separate lines of the balance
 sheet.
We currently have assets
 held for sale on our consolidated balance sheets at June&#xA0;27
 2013 due to the pending sale of property we own. For more
 information
 see Note 15 &#x2014; Assets Held for Sale.
 


        
        
 
In accordance with
 authoritative guidance on goodwill under the provisions of ASC 350
 &#x201C;Intangibles-Goodwill and Other&#x201D;
 goodwill is subject
 to impairment testing at least annually or more frequently if an
 event occurs or conditions change that would more likely than not
 reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value.
 We performed our impairment test
 annually during the fourth
 quarter
 using the two-step method.
We completed an acquisition
 of certain assets and liabilities of Orchard Valley Harvest
 (&#x201C;OVH&#x201D;) during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010.
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011
 we experienced a
 significant decline in the market value and operating results of
 the Company driven by challenging market conditions and also
 performed our annual impairment analysis under the provisions of
 ASC 350. Based upon our analysis
 we concluded that the entire
 goodwill balance of $5
662 was impaired.
 


        
        
Impairment of Long-Lived
 Assets
We review held and used
 long-lived assets
 including our rental investment property and
 amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess
 recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever
 events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the
 carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such
 events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
 expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the
 asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long lived asset
 or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of
 future cash flows derived from the most recent business
 projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair
 value.
We did not record any
 impairment of long-lived assets for the last three fiscal
 years.
 


        
        
Deferred Financing
 Costs
Deferred financing costs
 are incurred to obtain long-term financing and are amortized using
 the effective interest method over the term of the related debt.
 The amortization of deferred financing costs
 which is classified
 in interest expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
 income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Amortization of deferred
 financing costs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
Facility Consolidation
 Project/Real Estate Transactions
In April 2005
 we acquired
 property to be used for the Elgin Site. Two buildings are located
 on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an office building.
 Approximately 71% of the office building is currently vacant. The
 other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and modified for use as
 our principal processing facility and headquarters. The allocation
 of the purchase price to the two buildings was determined through a
 third party appraisal. The value assigned to the office building is
 included in rental investment property on the balance sheet. The
 value assigned to the warehouse building is included in
 &#x201C;Property
 plant and equipment&#x201D;.
The net rental expense from
 the office building is included in the caption &#x201C;Rental and
 miscellaneous expense
 net&#x201D;. Gross rental income and Rental
 (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal years are as
 follows:&#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 

 


Gross rental
 income

 
 
1
671
 
 
 
1
426
 
 
 
1
458
 

 

Rental (expense)
 net

 
 
(1
495
 
 
 
(1
450
 
 
 
(1
412
 

 

 &#xA0;
Expected future gross
 rental income under operating leases within the office building is
 as follows for the fiscal years ending:&#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 

 


June&#xA0;26
 2014

 
 
1
848
 

 

June 25
 2015

 
 
1
860
 



June 30
 2016

 
 
1
873
 

 

June 29
 2017

 
 
1
718
 



June 28
 2018

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
2
660
 


 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
10
534
 


 
 

 


 

 

 
On March&#xA0;28
 2006
 our
 wholly-owned subsidiary JBSS Properties
 LLC acquired title by
 quitclaim deed to the site that was originally purchased in Elgin
 Illinois (the &#x201C;Old Elgin Site&#x201D;) for our facility
 consolidation project and also entered into an Assignment and
 Assumption Agreement (the &#x201C;Agreement&#x201D;) with the City of
 Elgin (the &#x201C;City&#x201D;). In the third quarter of fiscal
 2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its properties and
 agreements to JBSS Real Estate
 LLC. Under the terms of the
 Agreement
 the City assigned to us the City&#x2019;s remaining
 rights and obligations under a development agreement entered into
 by and among the Company
 certain related party partnerships and
 the City (the &#x201C;Development Agreement&#x201D;). The Mortgage
 Facility is secured
 in part
 by the Old Elgin Site. We must obtain
 the consent of the Mortgage Lender (as defined below) prior to the
 sale of the Old Elgin Site. Also
 the State of Illinois
 the
 original owner of the Old Elgin Site that sold it to the City
 has
 the option to repurchase the Old Elgin Site. We currently have an
 agreed upon sales contract and the State of Illinois has waived its
 repurchase option. Consequently
 we have classified these assets as
 held for sale in the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 15. A
 portion of the Old Elgin Site contains an office building (which we
 began renting to a third-party during the third quarter of fiscal
 2007) that will likely be included in any future sale. We incurred
 $6
806 of gross costs under the Development Agreement
 and had
 carrying values of $6
175 and $6
228 at June&#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&#xA0;28
 2012
 respectively. These costs are recorded as
 &#x201C;Assets held for sale&#x201D; at June&#xA0;27
 2013 and
 &#x201C;Rental investment property&#x201D; at June&#xA0;28
 2012.
In September 2012
 we
 completed the sale of land and a building where we owned and
 operated a retail store in Barrington
 Illinois. Proceeds from the
 sale were $870
 net of expenses of $45
 and resulted in a pre-tax
 gain of $660 which is recorded in &#x201C;Administrative
 expenses&#x201D; for the year ended June&#xA0;27
 2013.
 


        
        
Introductory
 Funds
The ability to sell to
 certain retail customers often requires upfront payments to be made
 by us. Such payments are frequently made pursuant to contracts that
 stipulate the term of the agreement
 the quantity and type of
 products to be sold and any exclusivity requirements. If
 appropriate
 the cost of these payments is recorded as an asset and
 is amortized over the term of the contract. We expense payments if
 no written arrangement exists and amounts are not recoverable in
 the event of customer cancellation.
Total introductory funds
 are insignificant at both June&#xA0;27
 2013&#xA0;June&#xA0;28
 2012.
Amortization of
 introductory funds
 which is recorded as a reduction in net sales
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 

 


Amortization of
 introductory funds

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 
 


        
        
Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments
Authoritative guidance
 issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&#x201C;FASB&#x201D;) defines fair value as the price that would be
 received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
 transaction between market participants on the measurement date.
 The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes
 observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value into
 three broad levels:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the
 measurement date for identical assets and liabilities.

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets.
 For example
 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in
 active markets or quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities
 in inactive markets.

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data
 available.


The carrying values of
 cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate
 their fair values at June&#xA0;27
 2013 and June&#xA0;28
 2012
 because of the short-term maturities and nature of these
 balances.
The carrying value of our
 Credit Facility (as defined below) borrowings approximates fair
 value at June&#xA0;27
 2013 and June&#xA0;28
 2012 because interest
 rates on this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2
 criteria)
 the short term maturity and nature of this balance. In
 addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent
 credit risk.
The estimated fair value of
 long-term debt
 including current maturities
 at June&#xA0;27
 2013
 and June&#xA0;28
 2012 was $46
059 and $53
327
 respectively
 and
 the related carrying value was $42
355 and $48
930
 respectively.
 The estimated fair value of our long-term debt was determined using
 a market approach based upon Level 2 observable inputs
 which
 estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on
 loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or
 broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes
 in the underlying assets securing our long-term debt.
 


        
        
Revenue
 Recognition
We recognize revenue when
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has transferred
 (based upon terms of shipment)
 price is fixed
 delivery occurs and
 collection is reasonably assured. We sell our products under some
 arrangements which include customer contracts which fix the sales
 price for periods
 typically of up to one year
 for some industrial
 customers and through specific programs consisting of promotion
 allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer customers and commercial ingredient
 users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the
 terms of specific arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of
 rebates and promotion and marketing allowances. Revenues are also
 recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for
 based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to
 return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product
 returns have been insignificant. Provisions for returns are
 reflected as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based upon
 customer specific circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling
 costs are included in revenues.
 


        
        
Segment
 Reporting
We operate in a single
 reportable operating segment that consists of selling various nut
 and nut related products through multiple distribution
 channels.
 


        
        
Significant Customers
 and Concentration of Credit Risk
The highly competitive
 nature of our business provides an environment for the loss of
 customers and the opportunity to gain new customers. We are subject
 to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts
 receivable
 and attempt to mitigate this risk through our credit
 evaluation process
 collection terms and through geographical
 dispersion of sales. Sales to three customers each exceeded 10% of
 net sales during fiscal 2013. In fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011 two
 customers each had sales that exceeded 10% of net sales. Sales to
 these customers represented approximately 48%
 36% and 32% of our
 net sales in fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 respectively. Net accounts receivable from these customers were 49%
 and 29% of net accounts receivable at June&#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&#xA0;28
 2012
 respectively.
 


Promotion
 Marketing and Advertising Costs
        
Promotion
 Marketing and
 Advertising Costs
Promotion allowances
 customer rebates and marketing allowances are recorded at the time
 revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions in sales.
 Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon projected volumes
 for the year
 while promotion and marketing allowances are recorded
 based upon terms of the actual arrangements. Coupon incentive costs
 are accrued based on estimates of product sold to retailers at our
 measurement date and an estimate of redemptions to
 occur.
The majority of marketing
 costs and substantially all advertising costs are incurred to
 promote and support branded products in the consumer distribution
 channel. These costs are expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling
 expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Marketing and advertising
 expense

 
 
10
928
 
 
 
8
946
 
 
 
7
864
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
Shipping and Handling
 Costs
Shipping and handling
 costs
 which include freight and other expenses to prepare finished
 goods for shipment
 are included in selling expenses. Shipping and
 handling costs for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Shipping and handling
 costs

 
 
15
801
 
 
 
15
757
 
 
 
17
937
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
Research and Development
 Expenses
Research and development
 expense represents the cost of our research and development
 personnel and their related expenses and are charged to selling
 expenses as incurred. Research and development expense for the last
 three fiscal years were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Research and development
 expense

 
 
1
233
 
 
 
1
062
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
Income
 Taxes
We account for income taxes
 using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition
 of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax
 consequences of events that have been reported in our financial
 statements or tax returns. Such items give rise to differences in
 the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A
 valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amount of
 deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a
 portion of the asset will not be realized. Any investment tax
 credits are accounted for by using the flow-through method
 whereby
 the credits are reflected as reductions of tax expense in the year
 they are recognized in the financial statements. In estimating
 future tax consequences
 we consider all expected future events
 other than changes in tax law or rates.
We record liabilities for
 uncertain income tax positions based on a two-step process. The
 first step is recognition
 where we evaluate whether an individual
 tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being
 sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the
 position
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation
 processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a
 less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is
 recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold
 in the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the
 benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may
 differ from our estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the
 recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax
 positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are
 recorded in results of operations and financial position in the
 period in which such changes occur. As of June&#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&#xA0;28
 2012
 we had liabilities for uncertain tax positions
 totaling $131 and $122
 respectively.

 &#xA0;
We recognize interest and
 penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in the
 income tax expense /(benefit) caption in the consolidated statement
 of comprehensive income.
We evaluate the realization
 of deferred tax assets by considering our historical taxable income
 and future taxable income based upon the reversal of deferred tax
 liabilities. As of June&#xA0;27
 2013
 we believe that our deferred
 tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $815 of basis
 differences for which we have provided a valuation allowance. The
 amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable
 however
 could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable
 income during the carryforward period are reduced.
 


        
        
Earnings per
 Share
Basic earnings per common
 share are calculated using the weighted average number of shares of
 Common Stock and Class&#xA0;A Stock outstanding during the period.
 Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that
 could occur if securities or other contracts to issue Common Stock
 were exercised or converted into Common Stock or resulted in the
 issuance of Common Stock. The following table presents the
 reconciliation of the weighted average shares outstanding used in
 computing basic and diluted earnings per share:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year
 Ended
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
Year
 Ended
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
Year
 Ended
June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &#x2014; basic

 
 
10
863
064
 
 
 
10
726
004
 
 
 
10
671
780
 

 

Effect of dilutive
 securities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Stock options and
 restricted stock units

 
 
129
933
 
 
 
102
508
 
 
 
98
579
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &#x2014; diluted

 
 
10
992
997
 
 
 
10
828
512
 
 
 
10
770
359
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


The following table
 presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock options excluded from the
 computation of diluted earnings per share:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0; 2013
 
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0; 2012
 
 
 
June&#xA0;30
&#xA0; 2011
 



Weighted average number of
 anti-dilutive shares:

 
 
41
375
 
 
 
107
125
 
 
 
125
375
 

 

Weighted average exercise
 price:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        
Comprehensive
 Income
We account for
 comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic 220
 &#x201C;Comprehensive Income&#x201D;. This topic establishes
 standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its
 components in a full set of general-purpose financial statements.
 The topic requires that all components of comprehensive income be
 reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same
 prominence as other financial statements. This topic also requires
 all non-owner changes in stockholders&#x2019; equity be presented in
 either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in
 two separate but consecutive statements.
 


        
        
Recent Accounting
 Pronouncements
In February 2013
 the FASB
 issued ASU No.&#xA0;2013-02
 &#x201C;Comprehensive Income (Topic
 220)&#x2014;Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income.&#x201D; The new guidance requires
 presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on
 the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the
 notes
 information about significant amounts required under U.S.
 GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
 income in their entirety. For amounts not required to be
 reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required
 to cross-reference to other disclosures that provide additional
 details about those amounts. This guidance is effective for fiscal
 years beginning on or after December&#xA0;15
 2012
 and interim
 periods within those annual periods. The Company will adopt this
 guidance during fiscal 2014 and does not expect the adoption to
 have a material effect on our financial position
 results of
 operations or cash flows.
 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 how reporting units are determined
 how goodwill is allocated to such units
 and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding retail land sales. The entity also may disclose its treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified






Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 70
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6414718&amp;loc=d3e28014-114942
Employee Benefit Plans - Expense for 401(k) Plan (Detail) (401(k) [Member]
 USD $)












    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Long-term debt consists of
 the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 2012
 



Mortgage Facility
 (&#x201C;Tranche A&#x201D;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in
 monthly principal installments of $200 plus interest at
 7.63%&#xA0;per annum through February 2023 with a final principal
 payment of $600 on March&#xA0;1
 2023

 
 
23
800
 
 
 
26
000
 

 

Mortgage Facility
 (&#x201C;Tranche B&#x201D;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in
 monthly principal installments of $50 plus interest at the greater
 of one month LIBOR plus 4.00%&#xA0;per annum or 5.00% through
 February 2023 with a final principal payment of $150 on
 March&#xA0;1
 2023

 
 
5
950
 
 
 
6
500
 



Industrial development
 bonds
 collateralized by building
 machinery and equipment with a
 cost aggregating $8
000

 
 
 
 
 
 
3
290
 

 

Selma
 Texas facility
 financing obligation to related parties
 due in monthly
 installments of $121 through September&#xA0;1
 2031

 
 
12
585
 
 
 
12
882
 



Equipment loan
 collateralized by machinery and equipment
 monthly installments of
 $30 through December 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Capitalized equipment
 leases

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
42
355
 
 
 
48
930
 

 

Less: Current
 maturities

 
 
(8
690
 
 
 
(12
724
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total long-term
 debt

 
 
33
665
 
 
 
36
206
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
Aggregate maturities of
 long-term debt are as follows for the fiscal years
 ending:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 



June&#xA0;26
 2014

 
 
8
690
 

 

June 25
 2015

 
 
2
749
 



June 30
 2016

 
 
2
776
 

 

June 29
 2017

 
 
2
807
 



June 28
 2018

 
 
2
841
 

 

 

 
 
22
492
 


 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
42
355
 


 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        

600


        
        
        

950


        
        

600
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified












Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688


The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358780&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1252-109256
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 52
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=32703322&amp;loc=d3e4984-109258
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879574&amp;loc=d3e536633-122882
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 18
 -Article 7
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 21
 -Article 9

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1252-109256
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26872669&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 18
 -Article 7
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 21
 -Article 9














&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 15 &amp;#x2014; ASSETS
 HELD FOR SALE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Since March 2006 we have
 owned property in Elgin
 Illinois (the &amp;#x201C;Old Elgin
 Site&amp;#x201D;) originally purchased for our facility consolidation
 project. During the third quarter of fiscal 2013 we reached an
 agreed upon sales contract with a third party. The State of
 Illinois
 the original owner of the Old Elgin Site
 has the option
 to repurchase this property and has waived this repurchase option.
 The planned sale of this property meets the criteria of an asset
 &amp;#x201C;Held for Sale&amp;#x201D; in accordance with ASC 360
 &lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;. Assets held for sale are
 required to be measured at the lower of their carrying value or
 fair value less cost to sell. No adjustment to fair value less
 costs to sell was required. A current asset of $6
175 is presented
 in the consolidated balance sheets at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;












    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

393

815

619

507

706

760

309

800

334

575

212


        

834

879

676

573

753

094

441

766

962

054

191


        

000

324

426

869

667

033

782

491

619

973

256


        

583
        

301

534

886

440

354

442

760

122

835


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 1 &amp;#x2014;
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;!-- xbrl
body --&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation
 and Consolidation and Description of Business&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Our consolidated financial
 statements include the accounts of John B. Sanfilippo&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp;
 Son
 Inc.
 and our two wholly-owned subsidiaries
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC and JBSS Ventures
 LLC. During the third quarter of fiscal
 2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its real estate
 holdings to JBSS Real Estate
 LLC (a recently formed subsidiary)
 and JBSS Properties
 LLC changed its name to JBSS Ventures
 LLC.
 Our fiscal year ends on the last Thursday of June each year
 and
 typically consists of fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week
 quarters). However
 the year ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2011 consisted of
 fifty-three weeks
 as our fourth quarter contained fourteen weeks.
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related
 footnotes are presented in accordance with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We are one of the leading
 processors and distributors of peanuts and tree nuts in the United
 States. These nuts are sold under a variety of private brands and
 under the &lt;i&gt;Fisher
 Orchard Valley Harvest&lt;/i&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Sunshine
 Country&lt;/i&gt; brand names. We also market and distribute
 and in most
 cases manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and
 snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and
 confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 sunflower seeds
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under
 private brands and brand names. Our products are sold through the
 major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 contract
 packaging customers and international customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Certain reclassifications
 have been made to the consolidated balance sheet at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012 to conform to the current year presentation which had no
 effect on net equity reported for any period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Management
 Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The preparation of
 financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to
 make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
 reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
 period. Significant estimates include reserves for customer
 deductions
 allowances for doubtful accounts
 the quantity and
 valuation of bulk inventories
 the evaluation of recoverability of
 long-lived assets
 the realizability of deferred tax assets and
 various other accrual accounts. Actual results could differ from
 those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounts
 Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accounts receivable are
 stated at the amounts charged to customers
 less allowances for
 doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated cash discounts and
 customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful accounts is
 calculated by specifically identifying customers that are credit
 risks and estimating the extent that other non-specifically
 identified customers will become credit risks. Account balances are
 charged off against the allowance when we conclude that it is
 probable the receivable will not be recovered. The reserve for
 estimated cash discounts is based on historical experience. The
 reserve for customer deductions represents known customer short
 payments and an estimate of future credit memos that will be issued
 to customers related to rebates and allowances for marketing and
 promotions based on historical experience.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories
 which consist
 principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit
 and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of
 cost (first-in
 first-out) or market which approximates actual
 cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at least quarterly. Fluctuations
 in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews
 and other nuts may affect the value of inventory
 gross profit and
 gross profit margin. When expected market sales prices move below
 costs
 we record adjustments to write down the carrying values of
 inventories to the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market.
 The results of our shelling process can also result in changes to
 inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus
 expected crop yields. We maintain significant inventories of
 bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of
 inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based on our inventory
 systems and are subject to quarterly physical verification
 techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The
 quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are
 generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen month period
 at which
 time revisions to any estimates are also recorded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We store a large amount of
 peanut inventory on behalf of the United States government at
 various facilities. As a licensed United States Department of
 Agriculture Nut Warehouse Operator
 to the extent that we do not
 purchase these peanuts
 we are responsible for delivering the loan
 value of the peanut inventory in our possession as represented on
 the warehouse receipt to the holder of the warehouse receipt on
 demand. We are responsible for any decline in the value of the
 peanut inventory due to a decline in quality or shrinkage in excess
 of an allowable amount. No such declines in value are currently
 anticipated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property
 Plant and
 Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment are stated at cost. Major improvements that extend the
 useful life
 add capacity
 or add functionality are capitalized and
 charged to expense through depreciation. Repairs and maintenance
 are charged to expense as incurred. The cost and accumulated
 depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the
 respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is recognized currently
 in operating income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Depreciation expense for
 the last three fiscal years is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0; 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0; 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0; 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Depreciation
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cost is depreciated using
 the straight-line method over the following estimated useful
 lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Machinery and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Furniture and leasehold
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Computers and
 software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;No interest costs were
 capitalized for the last three fiscal years due to the lack of any
 significant project.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Assets Held For
 Sale&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;An asset is classified as
 held for sale when (i)&amp;#xA0;management commits to a plan to sell
 and it is actively marketed
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;it is available for
 immediate sale and the sale is expected to be completed within one
 year and (iii)&amp;#xA0;it is unlikely significant changes to the plan
 will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. Assets held for
 sale may exceed one year due to events or circumstances beyond our
 control. Recoverability is also assessed and assets held for sale
 are reported at the lower of carrying value or fair-value less
 costs to sell. Assets classified as held for sale are no longer
 depreciated and reported on separate lines of the balance
 sheet.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We currently have assets
 held for sale on our consolidated balance sheets at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 due to the pending sale of property we own. For more
 information
 see Note 15 &amp;#x2014; Assets Held for Sale.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Goodwill&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In accordance with
 authoritative guidance on goodwill under the provisions of ASC 350
 &amp;#x201C;Intangibles-Goodwill and Other&amp;#x201D;
 goodwill is subject
 to impairment testing at least annually or more frequently if an
 event occurs or conditions change that would more likely than not
 reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value.
 We performed our impairment test
 annually during the fourth
 quarter
 using the two-step method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We completed an acquisition
 of certain assets and liabilities of Orchard Valley Harvest
 (&amp;#x201C;OVH&amp;#x201D;) during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010.
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011
 we experienced a
 significant decline in the market value and operating results of
 the Company driven by challenging market conditions and also
 performed our annual impairment analysis under the provisions of
 ASC 350. Based upon our analysis
 we concluded that the entire
 goodwill balance of $5
662 was impaired.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived
 Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We review held and used
 long-lived assets
 including our rental investment property and
 amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess
 recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever
 events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the
 carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such
 events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
 expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the
 asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long lived asset
 or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of
 future cash flows derived from the most recent business
 projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair
 value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We did not record any
 impairment of long-lived assets for the last three fiscal
 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred Financing
 Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred financing costs
 are incurred to obtain long-term financing and are amortized using
 the effective interest method over the term of the related debt.
 The amortization of deferred financing costs
 which is classified
 in interest expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
 income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of deferred
 financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Facility Consolidation
 Project/Real Estate Transactions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In April 2005
 we acquired
 property to be used for the Elgin Site. Two buildings are located
 on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an office building.
 Approximately 71% of the office building is currently vacant. The
 other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and modified for use as
 our principal processing facility and headquarters. The allocation
 of the purchase price to the two buildings was determined through a
 third party appraisal. The value assigned to the office building is
 included in rental investment property on the balance sheet. The
 value assigned to the warehouse building is included in
 &amp;#x201C;Property
 plant and equipment&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The net rental expense from
 the office building is included in the caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and
 miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross rental income and Rental
 (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal years are as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross rental
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rental (expense)
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected future gross
 rental income under operating leases within the office building is
 as follows for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 25
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 29
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 28
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On March&amp;#xA0;28
 2006
 our
 wholly-owned subsidiary JBSS Properties
 LLC acquired title by
 quitclaim deed to the site that was originally purchased in Elgin
 Illinois (the &amp;#x201C;Old Elgin Site&amp;#x201D;) for our facility
 consolidation project and also entered into an Assignment and
 Assumption Agreement (the &amp;#x201C;Agreement&amp;#x201D;) with the City of
 Elgin (the &amp;#x201C;City&amp;#x201D;). In the third quarter of fiscal
 2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its properties and
 agreements to JBSS Real Estate
 LLC. Under the terms of the
 Agreement
 the City assigned to us the City&amp;#x2019;s remaining
 rights and obligations under a development agreement entered into
 by and among the Company
 certain related party partnerships and
 the City (the &amp;#x201C;Development Agreement&amp;#x201D;). The Mortgage
 Facility is secured
 in part
 by the Old Elgin Site. We must obtain
 the consent of the Mortgage Lender (as defined below) prior to the
 sale of the Old Elgin Site. Also
 the State of Illinois
 the
 original owner of the Old Elgin Site that sold it to the City
 has
 the option to repurchase the Old Elgin Site. We currently have an
 agreed upon sales contract and the State of Illinois has waived its
 repurchase option. Consequently
 we have classified these assets as
 held for sale in the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 15. A
 portion of the Old Elgin Site contains an office building (which we
 began renting to a third-party during the third quarter of fiscal
 2007) that will likely be included in any future sale. We incurred
 $6
806 of gross costs under the Development Agreement
 and had
 carrying values of $6
175 and $6
228 at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 respectively. These costs are recorded as
 &amp;#x201C;Assets held for sale&amp;#x201D; at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and
 &amp;#x201C;Rental investment property&amp;#x201D; at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In September 2012
 we
 completed the sale of land and a building where we owned and
 operated a retail store in Barrington
 Illinois. Proceeds from the
 sale were $870
 net of expenses of $45
 and resulted in a pre-tax
 gain of $660 which is recorded in &amp;#x201C;Administrative
 expenses&amp;#x201D; for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Introductory
 Funds&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The ability to sell to
 certain retail customers often requires upfront payments to be made
 by us. Such payments are frequently made pursuant to contracts that
 stipulate the term of the agreement
 the quantity and type of
 products to be sold and any exclusivity requirements. If
 appropriate
 the cost of these payments is recorded as an asset and
 is amortized over the term of the contract. We expense payments if
 no written arrangement exists and amounts are not recoverable in
 the event of customer cancellation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total introductory funds
 are insignificant at both June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&amp;#xA0;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of
 introductory funds
 which is recorded as a reduction in net sales
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of
 introductory funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Authoritative guidance
 issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) defines fair value as the price that would be
 received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
 transaction between market participants on the measurement date.
 The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes
 observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value into
 three broad levels:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2013;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the
 measurement date for identical assets and liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2013;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets.
 For example
 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in
 active markets or quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities
 in inactive markets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2013;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data
 available.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The carrying values of
 cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate
 their fair values at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 because of the short-term maturities and nature of these
 balances.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The carrying value of our
 Credit Facility (as defined below) borrowings approximates fair
 value at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012 because interest
 rates on this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2
 criteria)
 the short term maturity and nature of this balance. In
 addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent
 credit risk.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The estimated fair value of
 long-term debt
 including current maturities
 at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012 was $46
059 and $53
327
 respectively
 and
 the related carrying value was $42
355 and $48
930
 respectively.
 The estimated fair value of our long-term debt was determined using
 a market approach based upon Level 2 observable inputs
 which
 estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on
 loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or
 broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes
 in the underlying assets securing our long-term debt.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue
 Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We recognize revenue when
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has transferred
 (based upon terms of shipment)
 price is fixed
 delivery occurs and
 collection is reasonably assured. We sell our products under some
 arrangements which include customer contracts which fix the sales
 price for periods
 typically of up to one year
 for some industrial
 customers and through specific programs consisting of promotion
 allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer customers and commercial ingredient
 users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the
 terms of specific arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of
 rebates and promotion and marketing allowances. Revenues are also
 recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for
 based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to
 return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product
 returns have been insignificant. Provisions for returns are
 reflected as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based upon
 customer specific circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling
 costs are included in revenues.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Segment
 Reporting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We operate in a single
 reportable operating segment that consists of selling various nut
 and nut related products through multiple distribution
 channels.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Significant Customers
 and Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The highly competitive
 nature of our business provides an environment for the loss of
 customers and the opportunity to gain new customers. We are subject
 to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts
 receivable
 and attempt to mitigate this risk through our credit
 evaluation process
 collection terms and through geographical
 dispersion of sales. Sales to three customers each exceeded 10% of
 net sales during fiscal 2013. In fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011 two
 customers each had sales that exceeded 10% of net sales. Sales to
 these customers represented approximately 48%
 36% and 32% of our
 net sales in fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 respectively. Net accounts receivable from these customers were 49%
 and 29% of net accounts receivable at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Promotion
 Marketing and
 Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Promotion allowances
 customer rebates and marketing allowances are recorded at the time
 revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions in sales.
 Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon projected volumes
 for the year
 while promotion and marketing allowances are recorded
 based upon terms of the actual arrangements. Coupon incentive costs
 are accrued based on estimates of product sold to retailers at our
 measurement date and an estimate of redemptions to
 occur.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The majority of marketing
 costs and substantially all advertising costs are incurred to
 promote and support branded products in the consumer distribution
 channel. These costs are expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling
 expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Marketing and advertising
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling
 Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shipping and handling
 costs
 which include freight and other expenses to prepare finished
 goods for shipment
 are included in selling expenses. Shipping and
 handling costs for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shipping and handling
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Research and Development
 Expenses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and development
 expense represents the cost of our research and development
 personnel and their related expenses and are charged to selling
 expenses as incurred. Research and development expense for the last
 three fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and development
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income
 Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We account for income taxes
 using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition
 of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax
 consequences of events that have been reported in our financial
 statements or tax returns. Such items give rise to differences in
 the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A
 valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amount of
 deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a
 portion of the asset will not be realized. Any investment tax
 credits are accounted for by using the flow-through method
 whereby
 the credits are reflected as reductions of tax expense in the year
 they are recognized in the financial statements. In estimating
 future tax consequences
 we consider all expected future events
 other than changes in tax law or rates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We record liabilities for
 uncertain income tax positions based on a two-step process. The
 first step is recognition
 where we evaluate whether an individual
 tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being
 sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the
 position
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation
 processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a
 less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is
 recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold
 in the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the
 benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may
 differ from our estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the
 recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax
 positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are
 recorded in results of operations and financial position in the
 period in which such changes occur. As of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 we had liabilities for uncertain tax positions
 totaling $131 and $122
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We recognize interest and
 penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in the
 income tax expense /(benefit) caption in the consolidated statement
 of comprehensive income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We evaluate the realization
 of deferred tax assets by considering our historical taxable income
 and future taxable income based upon the reversal of deferred tax
 liabilities. As of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 we believe that our deferred
 tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $815 of basis
 differences for which we have provided a valuation allowance. The
 amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable
 however
 could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable
 income during the carryforward period are reduced.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Earnings per
 Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic earnings per common
 share are calculated using the weighted average number of shares of
 Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock outstanding during the period.
 Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that
 could occur if securities or other contracts to issue Common Stock
 were exercised or converted into Common Stock or resulted in the
 issuance of Common Stock. The following table presents the
 reconciliation of the weighted average shares outstanding used in
 computing basic and diluted earnings per share:&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
863
064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
726
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
671
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Effect of dilutive
 securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Stock options and
 restricted stock units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;129
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;102
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;98
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
992
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
828
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
770
359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock options excluded from the
 computation of diluted earnings per share:&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0; 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0; 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0; 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;107
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;125
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average exercise
 price:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Comprehensive
 Income&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We account for
 comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#x201C;Comprehensive Income&amp;#x201D;. This topic establishes
 standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its
 components in a full set of general-purpose financial statements.
 The topic requires that all components of comprehensive income be
 reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same
 prominence as other financial statements. This topic also requires
 all non-owner changes in stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity be presented in
 either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in
 two separate but consecutive statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting
 Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In February 2013
 the FASB
 issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-02
 &amp;#x201C;Comprehensive Income (Topic
 220)&amp;#x2014;Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income.&amp;#x201D; The new guidance requires
 presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on
 the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the
 notes
 information about significant amounts required under U.S.
 GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
 income in their entirety. For amounts not required to be
 reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required
 to cross-reference to other disclosures that provide additional
 details about those amounts. This guidance is effective for fiscal
 years beginning on or after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2012
 and interim
 periods within those annual periods. The Company will adopt this
 guidance during fiscal 2014 and does not expect the adoption to
 have a material effect on our financial position
 results of
 operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In July 2013 the FASB
 issued ASU 2013-11
 &amp;#x201C;Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax
 Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists
&amp;#x201D; which amends ASC 740
 &amp;#x201C;Income Taxes.&amp;#x201D; This new guidance requires that a
 liability related to an unrecognized tax benefit be offset against
 a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward
 a
 similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward if certain criteria
 are met. The provisions of this update are effective for fiscal
 years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2013. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments
 should be applied prospectively to all unrecognized tax benefits
 that exist at the effective date. Retrospective application is
 permitted. The Company will adopt this guidance during fiscal 2015
 and does not expect the adoption to have a material effect on our
 financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18726-107790
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18861-107790
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18743-107790
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18854-107790
















Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Granted
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value



Beginning balance
 shares
Granted
 shares
Vested
 shares
Forfeited
 shares
Ending balance
 shares
Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Beginning Balance
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Granted
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
Vested
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
Forfeited
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Ending Balance










In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (h)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Service Cost (Component of Net Periodic Pension Cost)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6525008
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (h)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (h)(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (h)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

The total amount of net periodic benefit cost for defined benefit plans for the period. Periodic benefit costs include the following components: service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (h)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
The following table
 presents the changes in the projected benefit obligation for the
 fiscal years ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 2012
 



Change in projected
 benefit obligation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Benefit obligation at
 beginning of year

 
 
13
989
 
 
 
11
221
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Actuarial (gain)
 loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
2
579
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Projected benefit
 obligation at end of year

 
 
13
268
 
 
 
13
989
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
Components of the actuarial
 (gain) loss portion of the change in projected benefit obligation
 are presented below for the fiscal years ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 
 
 
June&#xA0;30

 
 



Actuarial (Gain)
 Loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Change in assumed pay
 increases

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Change in discount
 rate

 
 
(1
555
 
 
 
2
494
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Actuarial (gain)
 loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
2
579
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
The components of the net
 periodic pension cost are as follows for the fiscal years
 ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 
 
 
June&#xA0;30

 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Recognized gain
 amortization

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Prior service cost
 amortization

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Net periodic pension
 cost

 
 
1
870
 
 
 
1
615
 
 
 
1
534
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
We used the following
 assumptions to calculate the benefit obligations of our SERP as of
 the following dates:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 


June&#xA0;27


 

 


June&#xA0;28


 




 

 
 
 
 

 

Rate of compensation
 increases

 
 
 
 



 

 
 base
 paid&#xA0;3&#xA0;of&#xA0;5 years
 
 base
 paid&#xA0;3&#xA0;of&#xA0;5 years


 


        
        
We used the following
 assumptions to calculate the net periodic costs of our SERP as
 follows for the fiscal years ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 


June&#xA0;27


 

 


June&#xA0;28


 

 


June&#xA0;30


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Rate of compensation
 increases

 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 base
 paid&#xA0;3&#xA0;of&#xA0;5 years
 
 base
 paid&#xA0;3&#xA0;of&#xA0;5 years
 
 base
 paid&#xA0;3&#xA0;of&#xA0;5 years


 


        
        
The following table
 presents the benefits expected to be paid in the next ten fiscal
 years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Fiscal
 year

 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

2019 &#x2014;
 2023

 
 
2
678
 


 


        
        
The following table
 presents the components of AOCL that have not yet been recognized
 in net pension expense:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 



Unrecognized net
 gain

 
 
2
257
 
 
 
1
278
 

 

Unrecognized prior service
 cost

 
 
(7
177
 
 
 
(8
134
 



 

 
 
1
756
 
 
 
2
529
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Net amount
 unrecognized

 
 
(3
164
 
 
 
(4
327
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss) for the period
 as those amounts
 including amortization of the net transition asset or obligation
 are recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 showing separately
 if applicable
 the effects of the following: service cost
 interest cost
 contributions by plan participants
 actuarial gains and losses
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 benefits paid
 plan amendments
 business combinations
 divestitures
 curtailments
 settlements
 and special and contractual termination benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


June 26
 2014

088


June 25
 2015

019


June 30
 2016
        


June 29
 2017
        


June 28
 2018
        


        
        


        

286




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




1) For defined benefit pension plans
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Projected Benefit Obligation
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6522206
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6503904

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (h)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Service Cost (Component of Net Periodic Pension Cost)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6525008
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (h)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Amount of gain (loss) related to change in benefit obligation resulting from changes in actuarial assumptions
 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Glossary Gain or Loss
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6514294
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Glossary Gain or Loss
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6749293

The amount of payments made for which participants are entitled under a pension plan
 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Postretirement Benefits
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6521376
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6414203&amp;loc=d3e39716-114964
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Glossary Benefits
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506267
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Glossary Benefits
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506309
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(6)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)(5)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

1) For defined benefit pension plans
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Projected Benefit Obligation
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6522206
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6503904











In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920


















Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (k)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (k)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

60% - 70% of base
60% - 70% of base
60% - 70% of base
 paid 3 of 5 years












    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 7
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6876686&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 9
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 22
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879938&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910

Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 7
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6455398&amp;loc=d3e45280-112737

Represents the aggregate of total long-term debt
 including current maturities and short-term debt.
Amount of long-term debt and capital leases due within one year or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section H




Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 7
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6876686&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 9
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 22
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879938&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910




Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 7
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6876686&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 9
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 22
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879938&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910




Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 7
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6876686&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 9
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 22
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879938&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910


Selma
Selma
 Texas properties [Member]

Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 7
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6876686&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 9
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 22
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879938&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910




Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 7
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6876686&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 9
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 22
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879938&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910














The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Outstanding beginning balance
 Shares
The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Granted
 Shares
The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Vested
 Shares
The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Forfeited
 Shares
The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Outstanding ending balance
 Shares
The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Beginning Balance
The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Granted
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
Vested
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Forfeited
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Ending Balance










In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


Total intangible assets
 gross

090

090


        
        
        


        

215)

146)


        

875

944



          

        
        


        
        
        


Total intangible assets
 gross

600

600


        
        
        


        

689)

174)



          

        
        


        
        
        


Total intangible assets
 gross

400

400


        
        
        


        

501)

981)



          

        
        


        
        
        


Total intangible assets
 gross

090

090


        
        
        


        

025)

991)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R
M9F%F.&8T




M.#-E9#A?8S5F8U\T9C-B7SDS
CE?-65D





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A/]X.DYA

241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T]-/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

M:&5E='

#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7


#@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


M4TE'3DE&24-!3E1?04-#3U5.5$E.1U]03TQ)0TE%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@




M965T
3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z


O4VAE970Q




3TY'5$5235]$14)4/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z



M:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^24Y#3TU%7U1!6$53/]X.DYA;64^#0H@

M3E1)3D=%3D-)15



M3F%M93Y35$]#2TA/3$1%4E-?15%52519/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R



M965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1/0TM05-%1%]#3TU014Y3051)3TY?4$Q!
M3E


M24%



M3D5&251?4$Q!3E



M3F%M93Y2151)4D5-14Y47U!





M2$5
1%]&3U)?4T%











M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^24Y614Y4

M($A2968]

#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K





M:&5E=#

M.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1/0TM05-%1%]#3TU0
M14Y3051)3TY?4$Q!3E-?/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U


#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S
M+U-H965T
S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@


M;64^5%)!3E-!0U1)3TY37U=)5$A?4D5
051%1%]005)4



M3D5




T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


O4VAE970T
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-





M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4VEG
M;FEF:6-A;G1?06-C;W5N=&EN9U]0;VQI8VEE





M8V-O=6YT:6YG7U!O;&EC:64X/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

M:&5E='
O4VAE970U

M86YT7T%C8V]U;G1I;F=?4&]L:6-I93$P/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R



&-E;%=O<FMS
M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YV















#I%








T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YC;VUE7U1A




&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E
M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YC;VUE
%]!<W-E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0V]M
M;6ET;65N='-?86YD7T-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97-?/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z





O4VAE970W
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7


M-S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC

M965T-S
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z



M='






T0B5V]R


&-E;%=O<FMS








&-E












T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4F5T:7)E;65N=%]0;&%N7U-C:&5D=6QE7V]F7TYE/]X
M.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U<F-E($A2968]
T0B5V]R:W-H

M
#I.86UE/E)E=&ER


O4VAE970Y
2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS



















O4VAE970Y.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


3`P+FAT;6PB+SX-



3`R+FAT




CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
M

#$N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$





3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

M/3-$

M

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-RP@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1R93X-


]
T1R93X-


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

3





]






]


]



]



]
T1T97AT/DYO






]

]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:RP@4VAA






R
BPU


@1FQO870\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30Y+#`Q.2PY
S



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

M7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y







]



04Y#12!3
M2$5%5%

M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-RP@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]
T1R





30V+#


]

]
T1N




M




]
T1N=6UP/C(R


#8L.#$W/'-P







]
T1N=6UP/CDL

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
BPT


#(L




]
T1N=6UP/C$V


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


T1T;W`^5F5H:6-L97

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#DX

]

C@T+#
U



]




]
T1R;W4^



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


BPT
C




3



]


]

M86QI9VX]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@








]
T1R;SX-



]



]

M

]
T1N





L-S0Q

M
S
L







]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]T:&5R(&%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97




T1T;W`^5$]404P@0U52


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q.2PW




L(&EN


]



3
L
S

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T


]

3TY'+51%4DT@3$E!0DE
251)15

]


($Q)


M;7`^


]

]



M9VX]



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;!I



#8L
3



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q
RPT


#(L-34Y/'-P



]
T1N=6T^*#
L








G($5154E463PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1N=6UP/C(P
2PP
3


M5$E%4R`F86UP.R!35$]#2TA/3$1%4E
G($5154E463PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C
W
2PW



M;6]N(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]




]


]




;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T
M



]



04Y#12!32$5%
M5%

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(W

M
C@L(#(P

M/D%L;&]W86YC97




]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(Y
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(L-3@U/'-P86X^






3$W+#DP


]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L=64\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T
M;V-K+!S:&%R97,@875T:&]R:7IE9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

3`L
#`P+#`P







M;7`^



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L



M

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97

]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#`P

]
M


V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?
M.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

241!5$5$(%-4051%345.5%
@3T8@0T]-4%)%

T0S


#$S/&)R/CPO

C`Q
3QB

]



]

S0L
S





30L


M







]


]


]





















M;'5D:6YG(0Q+#$V,2P@)#$L,34Q(&%N9`D



M;7`^




T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;W1H97(@97AP96YS92P@;F5T

R



]

S4L

C8L




]
M





]
T1R





]





]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPY.3(\



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN





]



T1T;W`^5V5I



]

M














]

M14A%3E-)5D4@24Y#3TU%(A087)E;G1H971I8V%L*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN


SXQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO

]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M


M-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4






@02!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@6TUE;6)E


]

]
T1T:#Y!


]

C`Q
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]




M+#8P






M-RPT








]
T1N=6UP/C(L.#

BPX





M;W)T:7IA=&EO;BP@;F5T(&]F(&EN8V]M92!T87@@;V8@)#(Y-BP@








!B96YE9FET(&]F(0Q.3`L(#$P,S$L(&%N9`S






M1&YU;3XH

M86QI9VX]

]


]



]


]





]

C`Q

]
M






2PR

@870@2G5N+B`S
P@,C`Q,3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C










]
M












]


]
T1T97AT


]





]


]


T1T;W`^4W1O8VLM8F%S960@


]


]


]


T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!*=6XN(#(X+`R

#$L







2PR


@870@2G5N+B`R






]

2XP
M

M1&YU;3XH


]


]


M:7IA=&EO;BP@;F5T(&]F(&EN8V]M92!T87@@;V8@)#(Y-BP@









!B96YE9FET(&]F(0Q.3`L(#$P,S$L(&%N9`S.3`@










]
T1N=6UP/C$L










]
T1T97AT

]


]
T1R8SX-




]
T1N=6T^





CE?
M-65D

O4VAE970P-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

241!5$5$(%-4
M051%345.5%


^
3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@


3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!D:79I9&5N
M9'






\

M(#



U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F868X



]
T1R



M3TY33TQ)1$%4140@4U1!5$5-14Y44R!/1B!#05-(($9
3U=3(A54T0@)D\

M


#$S/&)R

C`Q
M

]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C$L-S8P/'-P




3$W/'-P

38L



]




T1T

]
T1N=6T^*#
L



]

]
M


]


]
M



]
T1T

]
T1T

]

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q,PX



]
T1N=6T^*#$W+#0T-BD\




]
T1N=6T^*#$Y*3QS







M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#0R
M


]


]


]
T1R93X-

M1&YU;7`^

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q



M;W9I9&5D(&)Y(&]P97)A=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





]















@
M;V8@3W)C:&%R9!686QL97D@2&%R=F5S=P@26YC+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@











M5U


]








T1T;W`^4F5P87EM96YT

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-C8L-3@R*3QS

]


]
M


]



@

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^




]
T1T97AT

]
M
T1N=6T^*#0L
3

]
T1P

M
2PR




]

3(R/'-P86X^




BPQ-S4I/'-P

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M3D54(A$14-214%312D@24Y#4D5!4T4@24X@0T%32#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@








]


]

2PS




]
T1T


M




M;'5D:6YG(')E9G5N9'


]

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


V5D.%]C-69C
M7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T

M


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

241!5$5$(%-4051%345.5%
@3T8@

^
3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@


3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#



]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R
M.5\U960R9F%F.&8T

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-RP@
C`Q


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4SPO=&0^#0H@(`@




T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!-05)'





#LF86UP.PT*(%-O;BP@26YC+BP@86YD

M($5S=&%T92P-B!,3$,@86YD($I4U
@5F5N='5R97
L($Q
0RX@1'5R:6YG

@4')O


3$


@
M;V8@9FEF='DM='=O('=E96MS(AF;W5R('1H:7)T965N('=E96L-B!Q=6%R

#LS

@;W5R


M(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!A8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97,-B!G96YE

#%#.T=!05`F(W@R










L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!P

L


M

F4]
M


M('!R97-E;G1A=&EO;B!W:&EC:!H860@;F\-B!E9F9E8W0@;VX@;F5T(&5Q



#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY4:&4@<')E<&%R871I;VX@;V8-B!F


@






N



T0R/CQU/D%C8V]U;G1S#0H@4F5C







@:7
@8F%S960@;VX@:&ES=&]R





M('!R;VUO=&EO;G
#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CX\=3Y);G9E;G1O<FEE<SPO=3X\+V9O;G0^/]P

M33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$






M;G




M97





M97















@:7


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

@:7
@87

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
M.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(#PA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M
M+3X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T




M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB
M/EEE87(F(WA!






M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY996%R

#L@
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T



T0R/C$S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C$T+#`V
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



T0R/C$T+#DP
3PO9F]N

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

#L\+W`^#0H@



M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M3TQ

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-


#`P
#`P
F4],T0Q/CQB/D-L87-S
M:69I8V%T:6]N/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


$$P
M.TQI=F5S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<VEZ93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



T1T

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O





MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]






M
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$



#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$






T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY792!C=7)R96YT;'D@:&%V92!A



@2&5L







#%$.RP@9V]O9'=I;&P@:7



@;W(@





T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY792!C;VUP;&5T960@86X@86-Q=6ES

40[

#$P+@T*

3$L('=E

M87)K970@=F%L=64@86YD(&]P97)A=&EN9R!R97-U;'1S(&]F#0H@=&AE($-O








@






M.B`Q



M='


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@,'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY$969E<G)E9!F









T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


C`Q
SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^




M
#`P

T0R


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!
#ME;F1E9#QB

#LS
PF(WA!,#LR,#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C0T,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R
M/C,W,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

M




M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

P
M
#`P
#`@


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3AP

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



C`P

@86X@;V9F:6-E(&)U:6QD







@=V%S(&1E=&5R;6EN960@


M(&)U:6QD:6YG(&ES(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN#0H@)B-X



4

@97AP96YS92P@;F5T
M)B-X
C`Q1#LN($=R;W-S(')E;G1A;!I;F-O;64@86YD(%)E;G1A;`T*(AE
6QE/3-$)TU!

'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

T0G0D]21$52


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\






M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY996%R)B-X

T1B;W1T;VT^


M.S(P
3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PA
M+2T@16YD(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^/$M+2!96=I;B!486)L92!;V1Y(TM

M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#0R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF








M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PT.34\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PT
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5%1/33H@


'!X
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;VUE('5N9&5R(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S97
@=VET:&EN('1H92!O9F9I8V4@





T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%






2PX-#@\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!





65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY*=6YE(#
P+`R,#$V/]F;VYT



2PX-S
\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY*=6YE
M(#(Y+`R

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^




65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY*=6YE(#(X+`R,#$X/]F

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




M



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M


!S;VQI9<^
M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
M<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
F4],T0R/C$P+#4S-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

P
#`P
M
#`@


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


L
M($Q


M


C`Q0SM!9W)E96UE;G0F(W@R
M

C`Q0SM#
M:71Y)B-X


L($Q

3$


#%$.RDN(%1H92!-;W)T9V%G90T*($9A8VEL


M9VEN(%-I=&4@=&AA=!S;VQD(&ET('1O('1H92!#:71Y+!H87


@:&%S('=A:79E9!I=',-B!R






C@L(#(P
3(L(')E

@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S#0H@)B-X
M









'!E;G-E<R8C


T0G34%21TE.+51/


T0R/E1H92!A8FEL

@;V9T


@=&AA=`T*('-T:7!U;&%T92!T:&4@=&5R;2!O9B!T





<^



3
F(WA!
#M*=6YE
M)B-X03`[
C@L#0H@
C`Q





T0P
M('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(#PA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B
M;&4@2&5A9`M+3X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C
E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^

#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!

M
#LR-RPF(WA!
#LR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

C@L)B-X03`[
C`Q



M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M




65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


C0V


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B0\



T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#LF(WA!
#L\




M
#LF(WA!

#L\






T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!-05)'24XM





#%#.T9!4T(F(W@R






T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*
M(#PA+2T@0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y
24^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O




M='(^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY
979E;`R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A


@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I
M97






M;&4]






M

3
@86YD($IU;F4F(WA!




3
@86YD($IU;F4F(WA!


M=7)E(&]F('1H:7

T0G34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@


C`Q
B!W87
@)#0V+#`U.2!A;F0@
M)#4S+#




L('=H



M92!B965N(&YO('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&-H86YG97











@86YD('!R;VUO=&EO;B!A;F0@;6%R
M:V5T:6YG(&%L;&]W86YC97


@=VAI8V@@





















#$S+B!);B!F:7-C86P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
M9FES8V%L(#(P
3$@='=O#0H@8W5S=&]M97)S(&5A8V@@:&%D('-A;&5S('1H
M870@97AC965D960@



C`Q
RP@
M9FES8V%L(#(P


C@L(#(P
M




L

@







@




'!X

M;&4]


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$





3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PA+2T@16YD(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^



T1B;W1T;VT^


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX+#DT
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I






T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P






T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M


3$%04T4Z



T1C96YT97(^#0H@/$M+2!

T0V-4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-




P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!
#ME

#LR.PF(WA!,#LR,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

T1T

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU



T1B;W1T;VT^



T0R/C$U+#@P
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I




M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C$W+#DS-SPO9F]N=#X\

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\




M
#LF(WA!

#L\



M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$










P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]

$$P.S(P,3,\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO

M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB
M/EEE87(F(WA!


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU





2PR
S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M



F4]
M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R
M/C@V,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

P
#`P
#`@
M


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M97


@=&AE(')E8V]G;FET:6]N#0H@;V8@9&5F97)R960@=&%X













T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M97









M(&-H86YG97
@;V-C=7(N($%S(&]F($IU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RP@
C`Q
R!A;F0-


3

M05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q

M13H@

'!E;G-E(\H8F5N969I=D@8V%P=&EO;B!I;B!T:&4@8V]N<V]L
M:61A=&5D('-T871E;65N=`T*(&]F(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE+CPO

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$















T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!-






M;&5C='

M92!S:&%R97

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0Q

M;&4]
$$P.S(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M86QI9VX]




T0R/C$P
M+#@V
RPP-C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!







M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C$P+#8W
2PW.#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M:65S.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
CDL.3

M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXQ,#(L-3`X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R


M
30[(&1I;'5T960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!





M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



C@L-3$R


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C




M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(#PA+2T@
M0F5G:6X@5&%B;&4@2&5A9`M+3X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!
#M%;F1E9#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

#L@
C`Q
CPO8CX\

M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O



M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C0Q+#
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



3`W+#$R-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M93TS1#(^
3(U+#
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q




3@N-#8\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-RXV,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@




M;&4]




M:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%30R!4;W!I8R`R
C`L#0H@)B-X
C`Q0SM#




@

@;W1H97(@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T
M871E;65N='
N(%1H:7
@=&]P:6


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\=3Y296-E;G0@06-C;W5N=&EN9PT*(%!R

M
#LR
#$S+3`R+`F(W@R,#%#.T-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(A4;W!I
M8PT*(#(R







N(%1H
M:7
@9W5I9&%N8V4@:7




C`Q
RTQ
2P@)B-X
C`Q0SM0



P-B`F(W@R
M

#%$.R!4:&ES(&YE=R!G=6ED86YC92!R




M(&%M96YD;65N='



M871I;VX@:7

M;W0@97AP96-T('1H92!A9&]P=&EO;B!T;R!H879E(&$@;6%T97)I86P@969F


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R
M9F%F.&8T



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@






T0R/CQB
M/DY/5$4@
B`F(W@R



T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P







65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!





M;W=R87`]







M86QI9VX]



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#`P




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS



M9VX]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-#8L


$$P.SPO<#X-
MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T
M










#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



T1T;W`^24Y404Y'24)
12!!4U-%5%
\+W1D/@T*

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CX\8CY.3U1%(#,@)B-X,C`Q-#L-B!)3E1!3D=)0DQ%($%34T544SPO8CX\
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P


T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]


T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$P+#8P,#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R
M/C$P+#8P,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W








63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M






T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX+#`Y
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#`P





\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF








7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@



T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M;2!N;W=R87`]



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


L

M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&


M9VX]





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


T1B





7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^



M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXH
3
L



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\



T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M












@9F]L;&]W


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-


M92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]

M


T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$






3(\+V(^/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M
#LR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



RPP-CD\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR+#DW,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C(L,C`T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#`P

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM




M(&9O;&QO=W


G!X)SX-



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M93TS1#(^2G5N92`R-BP@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR+#8R.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B





T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#$V-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/DIU;F4@
S`L(#(P
38\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O




M





T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#
V.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF


T0R/DIU;F4@
C@L(#(P
3@\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C






U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F868X9C0Q



]
T1R97!O



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-RP@
C`Q

]
T1P



2519/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


T0G1D].

30[(%)%5D]

M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M


F(W@R
M

#(P
40[*2X@06QS;R!O

#@L('=E(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A#0H@
#(P
4


#%$.RD@86YD('1H












M:!#87)O;&EN80T*(AT:&4@)B-X

M97
F(W@R




@87)E(&YO=PT*


M
$$P.S$U+`R


C`Q
R!T;R!*=6QY)B-X03`[
34L#0H@
M
C`Q-BX@26X@861D:71I;VXL('1H92!396-O;F0@06UE;F1M96YT(&EN8W)E



#`@=&\@)#(R+#4P
M



#$Q+`T*('=E(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A(%1H:7)D($%M96YD;65N

40[*2X@5&AE(%1H:7)D($%M96YD;65N=!P97)M
M:71S(&%N#0H@861D:71I;VYA;`U)2!O9B!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A8V-O=6YT


M;&-U;&%T:6]N+!A;F0@=&AE(%1H:7)D($%M96YD;65N=!A;'-O(&UA9&4@


$$P.S(R+`R
M,#$S+`T*('=E(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A($-O;G-E;G0@86YD($9O=7)T:!!



T0G34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





M='











M:&4@0W)E9&ET#0H@1F%C:6QI='DL(&$@8VAA;F=E(&EN(&-O;G1R;VP@:6X@

M92!W:71H('1H92!F:6YA;F-I86P@8V]V96YA;G1S(&]R('5P;VX@=&AE(&]C


M
#LR-RP@
C`Q
RP@=V4@:&%D(0X,2PV,#@@;V8-B!A=F%I;&%B;&4@8W)E

-
MB!B;W)R;W=I;F=S(&]F(0S


#(U(&EN(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&QE

@;V8@8W)E9&ET+B!792!W;W5L9!S=&EL;!B92!I;@T*(&-O;7!L









]






M




T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X


3$%04T4Z(&-O



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\
M8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[







3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M(W@R

40[*2P@8V]L;&%T97)A;&EZ960@8GD@


M
2P@
C`R
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR-BPP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

#%#



4F(WA!,#MP97(@86YN=6T@;W(@
M-2XP,4@=&AR;W5G:`T*($9E8G)U87)Y(#(P
C


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
M+#DU
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

F5D(&)Y(&)U
M:6QD:6YG+!M86-H:6YE<GD@86YD(&5Q=6EP;65N=!W:71H(&$-B!C;W-T


M





M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXS+#(Y,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W






T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXQ
BPU.#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



F4],T0R/C$R+#@X,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




T0C


!T
M:')O=6=H($1E8V5M8F5R(#(P,3(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M1#(^









M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$









7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


M




T0R/C0X+#DS
#PO
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/DQE



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





T0R/BDF(WA!


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^

M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M;&]N9RUT97)M#0H@9&5B=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS-BPR
#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!


P
M
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M
#`P

M(WA!

M05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q

F4]
T0R

M97-E='

MB`H96%C:P@82`F(W@R
#%#.U1R86YC:&4@0B!297-E=!$871E)B-X,C`Q
M1#LI+!T:&4F(WA!




M;F%C8V5P=&%B;&4@=&\@=7

M('-U9F9I8VEE;G0@9G5N9'




L('1H96XL(&1E






96YD97(@;VX@=&AE(%1R86YC






M869T97(@36%R8V@F(WA!
#LQ+`R,#$V+@T*(%=E(&1O(&YO=!C=7)R96YT




T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@=&5R;7
@;V8@=&AE


3`L







M:7)D('%U87)T97(@;V8-B!F:7-C86P@,C`P-RD@=&AA=!W:6QL(&QI:V5L



2P@;F]N+6-O;7!L:6%N8V4-B!W:71H('1H92!C;W9E;F%N='
@;W(@=7!O
M;B!T:&4@;V-C=7)R96YC92!O9B!C97)T86EN(&]T:&5R(&1E9F%U;'1S#0H@
M8GD@=7

M)B-X03`[

3
L('=E#0H@=V5R92!I;B!C;VUP;&EA;F-E('=I=&@@



#$S('=H


M('5N9&5R(%1R86YC:&4@02!T:&%T(&%R92!D=64@8F5Y;VYD('1W96QV92!M
M;VYT:'

M($(@:7



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY792!F:6YA;F-E9!T:&4-B!C;VYS=')U8W1I


M;B`Q.3@W+B!/;B!*=6YE)B-X03`[
2PF(WA!
#LR

M870@
RXP



3



N(%=E(&AA





T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);B!397!T96UB97(@





@9&5T97)M











M;W)D960@87
@82!D96)T#0H@;V)L:6=A=&EO;BP@87

M;G







30\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#$U

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M


65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY*=6YE(#

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]



65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY*=6YE(#(X+`R,#$X/]F;VYT/CPO




BPX-#$\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^


M




M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
F4],T0R/C0R+#,U-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

P
#`P
#`@
M

M7SDS
CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F868X9C0Q-B]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES




3(@36]N=&AS($5N


3



]


]


M;&4]








MB`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0V,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T







#`P
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N


T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
3X\8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[
S`L)B-X03`[
C`Q


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&





3XF(WA!







M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#DW
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




T0R/BDF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
M
RPP
C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^


M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M.2PP.3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!






T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$







T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R




M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]





T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU





M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


S4N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




T0R/C

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXS-2XP
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N



T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/E-T871E




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXS+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
XR/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

CPO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T


M;&4]
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,RXR
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N


M9VX]



63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT@




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF








T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXH



7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P

M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\






T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS.XS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^

S0N-SPO
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/B@Q+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@





M:71E;7


M87-E(&]F('-T871E('9A;'5A=&EO;@T*(&%L;&]W86YC92!D=64@=&\@8VAA






L(0W-!O







2!R96QA=&5D('1O(&$@;&]W97(-B!F961E<F%L(&EN8V]M92!T
M87@@8G)A8VME=!O9B`S-4@9'5E('1O(&$@;&]W97(@;&5V96P@;V8@9FES
M8V%L#0H@
C`Q

@



M8F%S:7











63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[

C`Q
SPO8CX\

M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
3X\8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[
C@L#0H@
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\





B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M




P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]




T0G
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C(Y.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M87`]






M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY%;7!L;WEE90T*(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



T1N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

2PW


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R





M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




T0R/C4Y-SPO
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T1N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O





F4]
M


7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#LF
M(WA!

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#DQ
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



F4],T0R/C0L.#(S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.R8C

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG


T0R/E9A;'5A=&EO;@T*(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T




C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O




T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C,L-S(S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@



C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT+#@R,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;2!N;W=R87`]




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#`P

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


#`P
#`P(#-P

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!


M
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0Q

M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X],T0Y/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M







T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O



T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/D%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

M0V%P:71A;&EZ960-B!L96%S97,\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



F4],T0R/CDU.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M86QI9VX]




T0R/C0L


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O





F4]
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]

C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R













M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\





M86QI9VX]




T0R/C8T
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R


M

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU



-B!C;VUP96YS871I;VX\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#$Y
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.R8C

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96TG







M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M9VX]




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O





30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[





3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T0R/B@W.3PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




T0R/C0R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-
!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO

M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



M



T0R/B@Q
2PX.#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M






M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/B@Q
2PY-#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]




T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
M




C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP
!S;VQI9<^
M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
M<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


T1B;W1T


M1#(^


3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,3$L.30V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/C$V+#0S
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



T0R/B@Q
2PX.#(\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



M;&4]

M87`]





M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P
#`P(#-P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
M
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
M

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@











34@:6X@9FES8V%L(#(P
3

#$S(&ES(&5N=&ER96QY(')E;&%T960@=&\@=&AE






M;6%T96QY(0U+#`T,!T:&%T('=I;&P@97AP:7)E(&)E='=E96X-B`R,#$W
M(&%N9`R
#


#L@


C`Q
B!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S


@

@=V5R92`D
3



M


M(&9O;&QO=W


G!X)SX-

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M/3-$

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[
C@L
M)B-X03`[
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]

$$P.S(P
M
3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$






@=&%X(')E='5R;G
@

C`P.2!A;F0@;&%T97(N
M#0H@3W5R($-A;&EF;W)N:6$@=&%X(')E='5R;G
@87)E(&]P96X@9F]R(&%U



@87)E(&UA=&5R:6%L('1O('5S+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^


M7SDS
CE?-65D

O4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T



]





T0R/CQB/DY/5$4@-R`F(W@R
#$T.PT*($-/34U)
M5$U%3E13($%.1!#3TY424Y'14Y#2453/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/'`@





T0X-4@86QI
M9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M

C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]

$$P.S(P,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/EEE
M87(F(WA!

#LS




T1B;W1T;VT^



T0R/C$L-#$T


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B0\



T1B


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#@V
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D




#LF
M(WA!

#L\+W`^



M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\



@9W)E


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-


M92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]

M


T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#@Y)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

M('EE87(@96YD:6YG/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



2PP.#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY*=6YE(#


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S





T1B





3PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG


T0R/DIU;F4@
C@L(#(P
3@\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


P
#`P
#`@










M=W

@87)E('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@:6YH97)E

@
M8V]U;&0@;V-C=7(N(%5N9F%V;W)A8FQE(&]U=&-O;65S(&-O=6QD(&EN8VQU


-B!W:&EC:!M86YA9V5M96YT(&AA


T0G34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@


M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M


N#0H@1&ES=')I8W0@0V]U

#%#.TE-5TPF(W@R
M


3D[
M(&9E97


3D[(&9E97

M+B!);B!F:7-C86P@
C`Q


M97
F(W@R
#$Y.R!T:6UE(&5N=')I97
@=VAI8V@@=FEO;&%T97
@=&AE($E-

C`Q
2P@=&AE(%-E




@=VAO





M

M=!!9W)E96UE;G0L('=E('!A:60@)#(L-C`P('1O('1H92!C;&%I;7,-B!A

M86P@
C`Q
&EM871E;'D-

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-S@X
M
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O



]

]


]

]
T1T



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CX\8CY.3U1%(#@@)B-X,C`Q-#L-B!35$]#
M2TA/3$1%4E
F(W@R



F(WA!











M-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


]


M9VX]






]

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY.3U1%(#D@
M)B-X


C`P


C`Q0SLR



L







#%#.U-!4G
F
M(W@R




M9B!A=V%R9'
L('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@=&AE(&QI;6ET871I;VYS('-E=!B96QO
M=RX@02!M87AI;75M#0H@;V8@-3`P+#`P,!O9B!T:&4@
2PP
#`L
#`P('-H



M(&]F(&]P=&EO;G



M#0H@



#`X($5Q
'!I<F4@=7!O;@T*('1E

M
#@@17%U:71Y($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N(&%R90T*(&5X97)C:7-A8FQE(#(U




@;VX@3V-T;V)E

#LF(W@R
#%#.S$Y.3@@17%U:71Y
M#0H@26YC96YT:79E(%!L86XF(W@R




!S:&%R97,@;V8-B!#

4


F(W@R

M;&]Y965S(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY*2X@5&AE(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E(&]F





3DY




@;V8@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K('5P




L('=E


M#0H@;V8@=&AE($EN=&5R;F%L(%)E=F5N=64@0V]D92X@169F96-T:79E(&9I


M=&5R;6EN871E9!O;B!397!T96UB97(F(WA!,#LQ+`R
#`X+B!(;W=E=F5R

M;R!T:&4@







T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^





M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M
#`P

T0R


T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[
S`L)B-X03`[
C`Q
3PO8CX\+V9O

T0Q

T0C


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+C(\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0G1D].




F4],T0R/C`N,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

F4],T0R/C`N,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


T0R/B4F(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I




F4]
M
T0R/B4F(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



F4]
M
T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M






T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M



F4]
T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

T1N





3`W
M('1H870@=71I;&EZ97

65A<BUP
M97)I;V0@<')E8V5D:6YG('1H92!M96%S=7)E;65N=!D871E+@T*(%1H92!R



@





G!X.R!-



@



M



M

T0V-24^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT



3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!








M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
#L\

M





CX\9F]N


M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

T0Q/B8C

F4],T0Q/CQB/D%V97)A9V4\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M.B`C
#`P

M


T0Q/CQB/D5X97)C:7-E/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M


3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


T0Q/CQB/E9A;'5E/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR


3XF(WA!



M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O




T1B;W1T




T0R/C
L

M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXQ,BXS-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


3
N
#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



T1B;W1T


T0R/BDF(WA!




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
34L
M


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O


T0R/B0\+V9O



T1B;W1T




T0R/C
N
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

#LR
M-RP@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


T0R/B0\+V9O



M;2!N;W=R87`]




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#`P

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

P
#`P
#`@



T0G
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@

F4]
T0R

M(&%T($IU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RP@
C`Q
RP@87






@=&AE('=E:6=H
M=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@9W)A;G0M9&%T92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(&]P=&EO;@T*



'!X.R!&

M


T0V
R4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

T1B;W1T;VT^


3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



#LR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

S`L)B-X03`[
C`Q
3PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M;W(]

M86QI9VX]

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT




M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/E1O=&%L(&EN=')I;G-I8R!V86QU92!O9@T*(&]P=&EO;G


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C4S-3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C,Y-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G


M

M9VX]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#(Q.3PO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C0U
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A






T0G34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@

M

M0T]


M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

T0G

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY3:&%R97
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!




M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


3(\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ+#@W
M-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PX-S4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P






M






3XF(WA!





T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@






BXS

L(&%S('-H;W=N(&)E;&]W.CPO

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!-05)'


M/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]

M)R!B;W)D97(]



3`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


T1B


M



#`P
M

T0R(&YO


M/3-$
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M;&4]


BXS
#PO9F]N=#X\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



M;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU.PW-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-



M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



T1B




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$X+C4U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@






M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU-BPU

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M(&5X97)C:7-A8FQE(&]P=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B0\



$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O









G!X



M:7


C`Q
SH\


T0P

M-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^





M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY3:&%R97
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!




#L@
M5F%L=64\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

C@L)B-X03`[
C`Q
M
CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,XW
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494


T0R/D=R86YT960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


M










63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M86QI9VX]


T0R/BDF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

M


M86QI9VX]


3(N
C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



#`P




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXR
34L


3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
#`P

#L\

P
M
#`P
#`@


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M


T0R/D%T($IU;F4F(WA!
M
#LR-RP@
C`Q


M8VL@=6YI='


#$Q('=E(&=R86YT960@
3`L
M
#`P(%-!4G


!O9B!T:&4-B!3

M=6YE)B-X03`[

3
@=&AE(')E;6%I;FEN9R!L:6%B:6QI='D@9F]R



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$







T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]

T0P(&-E


M9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8W)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]


3(\+V(^/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT





T1B

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C@R
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/DEN8V]M92!T87@@
M8F5N969I=`T*(')E8V]G;FEZ960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0R/B8C

M






3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




M24XM5$]0.B`Q


T0R/D%T
M($IU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RP@
C`Q
RP-B!T:&5R92!W87,@)#DY-!O9B!T;W1A






M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R
M9F%F.&8T








]





T1T;W`^

#$T.R!3
M4$5#24%
#0H@0T%32!$259)1$5.1#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#QP('-T








F(WA!
#M!#0H@4W1O8VL@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@*'1H92`F(W@R
M
#%#.U-P96-I86P@1&EV:61E;F0F(W@R
#%$.RDN(%1H90T*(%-P96-I86P@
M1&EV:61E;F0@;V8@)#$P+#@X.2!W87


C`Q
BX@

M97-S(&]N($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
3@L(#(P
3(N(%=E(&]B=&%I;F5D('1H

96YD97)S

M
CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O


N/&)R/CPO

]




M3D
N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*(#QP

'!X/CQF

M93TS1#(^/&(^3D]412`Q
2`F(W@R
#$T.PT*($E.5D535$U%3E0@24X@05)-



C`Q0SM!4DU!
M(&)R86YD)B-X




M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M(#(P
3


M96YS97








`T*
M(&%T($IU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RP@
C`Q




M=6ED86YC92P@=V4@9&5T97)M:6YE9`T*('1H92!0=7)C:&%S97(@:7
@82!6

-

M




N

M(&YO=!C=7)R96YT;'D@;6%T97)I86P@=&\@;W5R(&9I;F%N8VEA;!P;W-I






@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY87-E9!O;B!!4T
@
S(S+`T*(#QI/DEN=F5S


M9FEC86YT(&EN9FQU96YC92!O=F5R('1H92!0=7)C:&%S97(@86YD#0H@:&%V
M92!A8V-O=6YT960@9F]R('1H:7

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
M
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T


T0G




M/3-$




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




B`F(W@R
#$T.R!%35!
3UE%10T*($)%
M3D5&250@4$Q!3E


M



M97

M:7)E;65N='

M(&9O;&QO=W


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!-05)'


M/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]

M)R!B;W)D97(]


T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#8Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D


B!A

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY996%R)B-X03`[96YD960\8G(@

C`Q



M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

M(#(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N








M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M





M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@




M#0H@9FES8V%L(#(P
#DL('=E(')E8V]R9&5D(&$@;&]N9RUT97)M(&QI86)I





T0W
M-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#@R)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]




65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C8T-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R
M/C8Y.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M





@


M(')E;&%T960@=&\@=&AE(%-600T*(%!L86X@:6X@=&AE(&%N;G5A;!P97)I
M;V0@=&AA=!T:&4@96-O;F]M:6




N

G!X.R!-



M=F5R86P-B!U;FEO;BUR97!R97-E;G1E9!E;7!L;WEE97
@86YD(&-O;G1R


M=&EV92!B87)G86EN:6YG#0H@86=R965M96YT+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$





T0P('=I9'1H/3-$


T1T;W`@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-





T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
M
#(R.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@=VED=&@],T0Q
M)3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C





@;V8-



@=V5R92!N;W0-B!S:6=N:69I8V%N
M=X@5&AE(%!E;G-I;VX@4')O=&5C=&EO;B!!8W0@8V5R=&EF:65D('IO;F4@

#LS
P@,C`Q,B!W
M:&EC:!W87


V5D.%]C-69C
M7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T

M


2!R;W=S



3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-RP@
C`Q



]






'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY/;B!!=6=U



M;7!L;WEE97


M03`[
C4L(#(P

M;F1I=&EO;G

@87)E#0H@8F%S
M960@;VX@86=E(&%T(')E=&ER96UE;G0L('EE87)S(&]F(&-R961I=&5D('-E

@5&]P:6





M)B-X
C`Q0SM!3T-
)B-X

M
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

@=&AE(&-H86YG
M97


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-S8E(&%L:6=N/3-$

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

M9VX]


M
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


F4],T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!,#LR.P\8G(@+SX-B`R,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N


M

M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/D)E;F5F

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$S+#DX.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$Q+#(R
M,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B;W1T;VT^




T0R/C
T
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

C0S




M;&4]
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C4W
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]






T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT^


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/B@V-30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

!S;VQI9<^
M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
M<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`U






$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
RPY.#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!


P
#`P
M
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
M

M

M24XM5$]0.B`Q


T0R/D-O
M;7!O;F5N='





MB`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0W-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M/&(^
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#:&%N9V4@:6X@87-S=6UE9!P87D-B!I;F-R96%S97
\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M*#


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M87`]







M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G





M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M






M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M






M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



M87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR-#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(
P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

#`P
#`P(#%P

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


M9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M
BPU-SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!





M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

P
#`P
#`@
W!X


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P
#`P(#-P

#L\+W1D

M.B`Q


T0R/E1H92!C;VUP



T0P('=I

M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T

M86QI9VX]




C`Q



M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G

T0G
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



M93TS1#$^/&(^
C`Q
3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B;W1T;VT^


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS-#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXR
38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV
#`\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH
M,3@U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M


M86QI9VX]




65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



F4],T0R/CDU-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M



M.B`C
#`P


#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.970@


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#8Q-3PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T0R/C$L
M-3




M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
!D

T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P





N

G!X.R!-


T0R/E=E('5S960@=&AE(&9O;&QO

M9&%T97



3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY*=6YE)B-X
M03`[




T1C96YT97(^




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]


4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT




65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$






T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]




M;&4]

@=&\@8V%L8W5L

@8V]S='
@;V8@;W5R(%-%4E`@87

T0X
M-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4X)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!W:61T





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR

M
#`P


M5%1/33H@

T0G34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@



T0Q/CQB/C(P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM


T0Q/CQB/DIU
M;F4F(WA!
#LS


C`Q




M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT


M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY2871E(&]F(&-O








M93TS1#(^-XU,4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\


F
M(WA!

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





M(WA!
#LS)B-X03`[;V8F(WA!
#LU('EE87)S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N




#LW
4F(WA!,#MO9CPO9F]N=#X@8F%S92P-
MB!P86ED)B-X03`[


M.B`Q








T0V
M.4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#@Y)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!724142#H@


M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

T0Q/B8C






T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXV-3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B





C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@


F4]
T0R



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M







T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#8W.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L





#L\+W`^



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M/3-$-S(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO


M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F
M(WA!
#LR-RPF(WA!
#LR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

3XF(WA!
#L\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C(L,C4W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


2PR-S@\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



S0\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





F4],T0R/C$L-S4V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#4R.3PO9F]N

M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T


65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.970@86UO=6YT#0H@=6YR96-O

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/B@S
M+#$V-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXH-PS


63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
!D;W5B;&4G

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




CE?-65D
F9A9CAF

O4VAE970R
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

]
M


T1T



]




'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);B!A9&1I













M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





M)B-X03`[
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]


#LR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY0=7)C:&%S
M97

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M;2!N;W=R87`]




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#`P

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S



M.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

T0G
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M



G!X


M.S(W+`T*(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!





M87`]





3(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

M86QI9VX]





M.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y





]

T1)1#!%




M(#(P
3


]


#$T.R!!4U-%5%

T0G34%21TE.+51/


T0R/E-I;F-E($UA


4

40[

M;V8@9FES8V%L(#(P
3




4

@
S8P+`T*(#QI



M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-S@X,V5D.%]C-69C7S1F,V)?.3,R
M.5\U960R9F%F.&8T,38-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO

CE?-65D

M='
O4VAE970R-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]

M4T%
15


]
T1T:#Y*







T0R/CQB
M/DY/5$4@
38@)B-X



T0G



#L\+W`^#0H@



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M-S`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@

M;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


T0Q/B8C


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M
#`P

T0R


T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LS


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M


T1B;W1T;VT^



T0R/C0S-BPR
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT,3@L-CDY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/D-O;6UE


M



T0R/C$W-RPW-S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




M;&4]



T0R/C$V


M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#




F4],T0R/C@U+#DT,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

T1N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT@




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#LF(WA!
M


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\




T+#
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS





T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXV-S0L




T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

T0Q

24@;V8@=&]T86P@8V]N





'!X

M;&4]


T0W-B4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q/CQB/E!R;V1U



F4],T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!,#LR-RP\8G(@+SX-B`R
#$S
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[
S`L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M8G(@+SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]




M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



T1B;W1T


T0R/B4F(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ.XX
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ.2XT


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^





M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]




M




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C$R+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!;&UO

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]






M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



F4]
M


F4],T0R/D]T:&5R/]F;VYT



3@N
#PO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M93TS1#(^

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


3@N

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

#L\

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
M


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXQ
#`N



M;&4]



T0R/C$P
XP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M

4
[3W1H97(F(W@R

M:7

@=VAI8V@@:6YC;'5D92!N=70@



U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
M






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@

249924Y'($%#0T]53E13($%.


]



M

M='



#$T.PT*(%9!
M3%5!5$E/3B!!3D0@455!3$E&64E.1R!!0T-/54Y44R!!3D0@4D5315)615
\



M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M3E0M4TE:13H@

M1=3U)$15(M0T]

T0P(&-E;&QS


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0Q/CQB/F]F#0H@
M4&5R:6]D/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/D1E
M9'5C=&EO;G
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




#MO



M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS






M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4]
M,T0R/C$Y-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C(L


M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


2PX.#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T1B



3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




F4]
T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



M;W=R87`]










T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@
#(P,30[)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX
34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX
34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#@V-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



T0R/C$T
M+#DW
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS




RPT-#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[



M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]


M

T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG



M9VX]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
C0\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXT-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
F4],T0R/B@W-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\

M



M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY2


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O





M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


BPQ-SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
RPV.34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T








7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#`P

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]

M9VX]

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\





P+`T*(#(P
3$\+V(^

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
F4],T0R/C$V,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C(X,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M93TS1#(^




T1B




T0R/C
Y.#PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




T0R/B@X+#`R.#PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




T0R/C0W
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU








M;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+#$P
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M1#(^*#4L-#



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M
#`P
$$P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR+#`W,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$T+#0X-#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



BPX-S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(
P
#`P
#`@
M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M
#`P

M(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X



M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\

M7V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F868X9C0Q-@T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

]








'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY.3U1%


'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@

M9FEN86YC:6%L(&1A=&$@87)E('!R97-E;G1E9!F;W(@9FES8V%L(#(P,3,-
MB!A;F0@9FES8V%L(#(P



T0P('=I9'1H

R4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$







P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]




T0Q/CQB/E%U87)T97(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


T0G1D].


M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF



3

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A


T0Q


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


T0R/C$V
RPX
34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



T1N








M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT^




T0R/C(R+#@W.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M93TS1#(^
CDL.#





M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B




T0R/C
L


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



F4],T0R/C@L,S`Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS-#(\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



F4],T0R/C4L-3@S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].



@96%R;FEN9W


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


SPO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C`N-3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXP+C8Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]




XW-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





B!A;&EG

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/E1H:7)D/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY1=6%R=&5R/]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T0Q/CQB/E%U
M87)T97(F(WA!
#LH
2D\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


34V+#@P
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


T0R/C(R
RPS
#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



M93TS1#(^


T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/D=R;W-S('!R;V9I=#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT








63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
BPP


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




M86QI9VX]



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C0L
#


3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M



T0R/B8C

M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXR+#0T,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




F4]
M






M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP+C(S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



XX-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP+C






XR,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE('-T



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4^



M(&]F#0H@9FES8V%L(#(P
3(@8V]N=&%I;F5D(&$@)#DP


M7SDS
CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F868X9C0Q-B]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5934%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$

24-)15
@

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M2G5N+B`R-RP@
C`Q

]

]


]



T0G34%21TE.





#LF86UP.PT*


@5F5N='5R
M97
L($Q


3$




M($IU;F4F(WA!
#LS


@;W5R(&9O=7)T:!Q=6%R=&5R(&-O;G1A:6YE9!F;W5R



#%#.T=!05`F(W@R

G!X.R!-05)'


T0R/E=E(&%R92!O;F4@;V8@=&AE(&QE




M='
L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!P96%N=70@8G5T=&5R+!A;&UO;F0@8G5T=&5R+!C





]


M:6-A=&EO;G


T0G







@:6X@8V]N9F]R;6ET


@86YD#0H@;&EA8FEL:71I
M97




L








-B!296-E:79A8FQE/]U

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!-


T0R/D%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B



N(%1H92!A;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R







]

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$







M+B!&;'5C='5A=&EO;G






M+!P96%N=71S(&%N9!W86QN=71S+B!1=6%N=&ET:65S(&]F#0H@:6YS:&5L





M;W5S(&9A8VEL:71I97








M17%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV



'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M:69E+!A9&0@8V%P86-I='DL(&]R(&%D9!F=6YC=&EO;F%L:71Y(&%R92!C









T0X
M-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RPF(WA!
#L@
C`Q
SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^


MB`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[,C@L)B-X03`[(#(P,3(\+V(^/]F

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!





T0G
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXQ
RPV-#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ
M-PY
#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


P
#`P
#`@



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

P
#`P
M
#`@




M



B!A;&EG

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


M(WA!
#M



M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




T0R/C$P)B-X03`[=&\F(WA!
#LT

M87`]




M93TS1#(^36%C:&EN97)Y(&%N9`T*(&5Q=6EP;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$







65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





F4]
M

M8V]L;W(]


T0Q/B8C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B<@






G!X.R!-05)'














#MM86YA9V5M96YT(&-O
M;6UI='
@=&\@82!P;&%N('1O('-E;&P-B!A;F0@:70@:7,@86-T:79E;'D@
M;6%R:V5T960L(AI:2DF(WA!


M=VEL;!B92!M861E(&]R('1H870@=&AE('!L86X@=VEL;!B92!W:71H9')A








34@)B-X
C`Q-#L@07-S971S($AE;&0@


'!X)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M



40[





4
[3U9()B-X

M;V8@9FES8V%L(#(P

M9B!F:7-C86P@
C`Q
2P@=V4@97AP97)I96YC960@80T*('-I9VYI9FEC86YT

M;6%R:V5T(&-O;F1I=&EO;G

M(&]F#0H@05-#(#
U


]
M









M9FQO=W





M24XM5$]0.B`Q


T0R/E=E




\

M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




M4BU#3TQ

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@


M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB
M/EEE87(F(WA!

#LR-RPF(WA!
#LR
M
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M)B-X03`[
C@L)B-X03`[
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]




M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!;6]R


M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;&4]

M








T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

MB`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/]D:78^






T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!-05)'24XM















#%#.U)E;G1A

M;&QO=W

T0G0D]2


3XF(WA!


F4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!,#ME;F1E
M9#QB<B`O/@T*($IU;F4F(WA!,#LR-RPF(WA!,#LR,#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\



M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY996%R

T1B;W1T



3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT





$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PT.34\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PT
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M+4)/5%1/33H@


M
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M:6YC;VUE('5N9&5R(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S97
@=VET:&EN('1H92!O9F9I


M1=3U)$15(M0T]

T0P(&-E;&QS


M

T0X.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PA+2T@16YD(%1A8FQE($AE860@+2T^/$M

M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY*=6YE)B-X
M03`[
C8L#0H@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXQ+#@T.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#@V
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/DIU
M;F4@
S`L(#(P
38\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXQ+#@W,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T





T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/DIU;F4@
C@L(#(P
3@\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^





65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PA+2T@16YD(%1A

M.B`Q



M)B-X03`[
C@L(#(P





M


3



M=7
@=&AE($-I='DF(W@R
#$Y.W


@86YD#0H@=&AE($-I='D@*'1H
M92`F(W@R

M96YT(&]F('1H92!-;W)T9V%G92!

M('!R:6]R('1O('1H90T*('-A;&4@;V8@=&AE($]L9!%;&=I;B!3:71E+B!!
M;'-O+!T:&4@4W1A=&4@;V8@26QL:6YO:7
L('1H90T*(&]R:6=I;F%L(&]W
M;F5R(&]F('1H92!/;&0@16QG:6X@4VET92!T:&%T('-O;&0@:70@=&\@=&AE




M87



N

M=&4@8V]N=&%I;G
@86X@;V9F:6-E(&)U:6QD:6YG(AW:&EC:!W90T*(&)E
2!B


@;V8@)#8L


#$S(&%N9`T*($IU;F4F
M(WA!


M

4
[4F5N



T0G



]



\







N($EF




T0G
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

M=!A=!B;W1H($IU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RP@
C`Q

#LR
M.P-B`R

T0G34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!;6]R=&EZ

M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^/]T

T0Q


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@

$$P.S(P,3,\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

#`P
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!

M($IU;F4F(WA!
#LR.PF(WA!,#LR,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY996%R)B-X

M;&4@2&5A9`M+3X\(2TM($)E9VEN(%1A8FQE($)O9'D@+2T^#0H@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF



M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXX
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG





M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


]




M
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!=71H;W)I=&%T:79E(&=U:61A;F-E#0H@:7-S=65D
M(&)Y('1H92!&:6YA;F-I86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'

MB`H)B-X,C`Q0SM&05-)B-X
C`Q1#LI(&1E9FEN97




@=7-E


T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y

T1B;W1T;VT^




T0R/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY
979E;`R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


@;W(@;&EA8FEL
M:71I97






T1T;W`^/&9O;G0@



M.B`Q


T0R/E1H92!C87)R




$$P.S(W
M+`R,#$S(&%N9!*=6YE)B-X03`[
C@L(#(P

M=`T*(')A=&5S(&]N('1H:7






M(&]F#0H@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!C=7)R96YT(&UA='5R
M:71I97
L(&%T($IU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RP@
C`Q

BPS
M-34@86YD(0T.PY




]




@9FEX960L



@86YD(&-O



M=&5R;7











T1T

]
M

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\=3Y396=M96YT#0H@4F5P



M=&EO;@T*(&-H86YN96QS+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S


@86YD($-O;F-E;G1R871I;VX@;V8@0W)E9&ET(%)I



'!X
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@:&EG:&QY(&-O;7!E=&ET:79E#0H@;F%T=7)E(&]F



N(%=E(&%R92!S=6)J96-T#0H@=&\@8V]N8V5N
M=')A=&EO;G



L(&-O;&QE8W1I;VX@=&5R;7


@=&\@=&AR964@8W5S
M=&]M97)S(&5A8V@@97AC965D960@

M9R!F:7-C86P@
C`Q
RX@26X@9FES8V%L(#(P




@:6X@9FES8V%L(#(P
3

C`Q
2P-B!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($YE=!A8V-O=6YT

M86YD(#(Y)2!O9B!N970@86-C;W5N='



]






N#0H@



@870@

M96UP=&EO;G







T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

T1B;W1T;VT^


3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



#LR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

S`L)B-X03`[
C`Q
3PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M;W(]

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$P+#DR.#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4]
M,T0R/C@L.30V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N
M;W=R87`]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!


P
M
#`P
#`@




M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-

]



F4]
T0R


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]4






T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C
M96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,3X\8CY996%R)B-X03`[96YD960\8G(@+SX-B!*=6YE)B-X03`[

M03`[
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M




M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!
M

#LS
PF(WA!,#LR,#$Q/]B/CPO



M;&4]




M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

T1N









T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

MB`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/]D:78^



]

T0G34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\




@=V5R

T0G34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@

3)P




T1C96YT97(^#0H@
M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*




M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY996%R

T1B;W1T


3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



#LR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]






M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ+#(S,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$L,#8R/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^







T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M5&%X97



@



M(&-R961I='










M=&EO;G




M9'
L(&-H86YG97
@:6X@9F%C='




M=6YE)B-X03`[
C@L(#(P

-B!T;W1A;&EN9R`D,3,Q(&%N9`D
3(R


T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M


T0R/E=E(')E8V]G;FEZ


@:6X@=&AE#0H@:6YC;VUE('1A

M



















M(WA!

05!313H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]



$$P.S(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


F4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(-B!%;F1E9#PO8CX\+V9O

$$P.S(P
M,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(-B!%;F1E9#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^

$$P.S(P
3$\+V(^/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!



M9R`F(W@R
#$T.R!B87-I8SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M9VX]





M-BPP
#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



F4],T0R/C$P+#8W,2PW.#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-



M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY%9F9E8W0@;V8@9&EL

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

M='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ
M,CDL.3,S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXY.PU-SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP



#`P

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M



M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF





T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
PY.3(L.3DW/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXQ
PX,C@L-3$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
PW-S`L,S4Y/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#`P

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG

@82!S=6UM87)Y(&]F(&%N=&DM9&EL=71I=F4@

T0X-4@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RPF(WA!
#L@
C`Q
SPO8CX\

M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O



M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0Q
M/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!





T0G1D].

M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M



T0R/C$P-RPQ
C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M



M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


]




@5&]P:6
@









]


]

T0G34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\

#LR
#$S+3`R+`F(W@R,#%#.T-O
M;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(A4;W!I8PT*(#(R







M(&%B;W5T('1H;W-E(&%M;W5N='
N(%1H:7
@9W5I9&%N8V4@:7
@969F96-T




M4&%R=%]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T



M/3-$240P141
04

]










05!3

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D



M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!
M



M/3-$

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY996%R)B-X03`[16YD

#L@
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]


M/CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[,S`L)B-X
M03`[(#(P,3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


T0R/C$S+#8T.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C$T+#`V
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


T0R/C$T+#DP

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D




#LF
M(WA!

#L\+W`^




]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D(%5S969U;!


G!X.R!-






M33H@



M/3-$

T0W-B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/CPO=&0^

T1N;W=R87`^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M






T0G


M



T0R/C4@=&\@

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T0R/C4@=&\@
3`@

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C


T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/D-O;7!U


M



T0R/C



]

M='

@87





M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF

F4]
M,T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!,#ME;F1E9#QB<B`O/@T*($IU;F4F(WA!,#LR-RPF
M(WA!,#LR,#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/&9O;G0@<VEZ93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

B!A;&EG

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY996%R)B-X03`[96YD960\8G(@+SX-




3$\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!



\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



M93TS1#(^


3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


#`P
M

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@










#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE('-T



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^

#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!

M
#LR-RPF(WA!
#LR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

C@L)B-X03`[
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]




M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




2PV-S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ+#0R-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$L-#4X/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^





T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PT-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@1G5T=7)E($=R;W-S(%)E;G1A;!)

M:6QD:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*

M
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M:6YC;VUE('5N9&5R(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S97
@=VET:&EN('1H92!O9F9I





T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!


T0X.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-

M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY*=6YE)B-X03`[
M
C8L#0H@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXQ+#@T.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#@V
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%
M149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/DIU;F4@
M
S`L(#(P
38\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXQ+#@W,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/DIU
M;F4@
C@L(#(P
3@\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!





65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^




T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P





]

T0G34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!;6]R=&EZ

M
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8S
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*


B!A;&EG

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY996%R)B-X03`[96YD960\8G(@+SX-




3(\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



#LR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R
M/C(T-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
F4],T0R/C@R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X



M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B








M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL


M=VED=&@]
T0V
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]

$$P.S(P,3,\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO

M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB
M/EEE87(F(WA!


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU




M9VX]

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P
#`P(#-P

#L\+W1D







3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N






M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY996%R)B-X03`[

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




T0G

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q







M.B`C
#`P

M9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P





M8V@@86YD(&1E=F5L;W!M96YT#0H@97AP96YS92!R97!R97-E;G1S('1H92!C

M96P@86YD('1H96ER(')E;&%T960@97AP96YS97
@86YD(&%R92!C:&%R9V5D





T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^




M
#`P

T0R


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!
#ME;F1E9#QB

#LR.PF(WA!,#LR,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY9


M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF




2PR
S
\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXQ+#`V,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C@V,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

P
#`P
M
#`@


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@


M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


M9VX]




]

T0G34%2


T0R/E1H

@86YD(&1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN
M9W


M


3XF(WA!
#L\

M


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]



$$P.S(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


F4],T0Q/CQB/EEE87(-B!%;F1E9#PO8CX\+V9O





65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




T0R/C$P+#@V

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T




T0R/C$P+#8W
2PW.#`\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*




M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXQ
CDL.3


M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


#`P
M
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(WA!

30[(&1I;'5T960\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,PX

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,PW
M-S`L





T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M




M9B!A;G1I+61I;'5T:79E('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@97AC;'5D960@9G)O;2!T
#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL


M=VED=&@]
T0V-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^





M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[

M)B-X03`[(#(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



$$P
M.R`R
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LS


M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF


T0R/E=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F#0H@86YT:2UD:6QU
M=&EV92!S:&%R97

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^




M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




M('!R:6-E.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T
M



M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]



]
M
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(W+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




T1T





M;VTZ

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0W
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T

#`P
#`P)SX\


T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RPF(WA!
#LR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
F4]
M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]





F4]


M


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

P
#`P


T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P


#LF(WA!
M


#`P
#`P)SXF(WA!

M145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
F4],T0R
M/C$U.PW





F4]
M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-#8L,S@T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D(&YO

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!




M9C-B7SDS
CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F868X9C0Q-B]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5+2#X-B`@(`@(#QT

]






M=&]P/D-O;7!O;F5N='



T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T



M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M;2!N;W=R87`]








M;G0\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXU
M+#0P,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$






M87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX+#`Y

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I







M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P
!S;VQI

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PY


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-RPY.3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[

!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

#`P

M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU


T0R/E1O=&%L(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D#0H@86UO

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



T1B;W1T


T0R/BDF(WA!






T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
#`P
$$P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M






T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


\+W1D


L('=H:6-H(&ES(&-L87-S:69I960@:6X@861M





3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N






M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY996%R)B-X03`[

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#`V
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I




M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@


M;G-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*(#QP

'!X
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!-05)'


M/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]

M)R!B;W)D97(]


T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#@Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*



3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

T0C0T-%

F4],T0R/DIU;F4@
M,C8L(#(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M
BPV
CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY*=6YE(#
P

T1B;W1T


M1#(^
2PW
3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY*=6YE

T1B

M93TS1#(^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!


CE?
M-65D

O4VAE970S
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

M86)L97

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN


]



G!X)SX-


M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

4
[5')A;F-H92!!)B-X

M;!I;G-T86QL;65N=',@;V8@)#(P,!P;'5S(&EN=&5R97-T(&%T#0H@-RXV
M
R4F(WA!

#`@;VX@36%R8V@F
M(WA!

M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C(S+#@P
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C(V+#`P
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU





M
2P@
C`R
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+#4P
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/DEN


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M;2!N;W=R87`]







M03`[
2P@
C`S
3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]




M)#

C`Q




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXQ-#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
#PO9F]N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M93TS1#(^


!S;VQI9<^
M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
M<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P





F4],T0R/C0R+#,U-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

M





\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1N

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
F4],T0R/C,S+#8V-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C,V+#(P-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@


T1T;W`^

@;V8@3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0\+W1D/@T*


M=VED=&@]
T0V.4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#@X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU


T0R/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-BP-B`R,#$T/]F

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@






T0G



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M





M








M



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF






M9VX]




T0R/C(L.#0Q




M;&4]



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C(R+#0Y

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B;W1T;VT^


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
BPS-34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



P
#`P
#`@


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T
M




]





]
T1R93X-



T1T;W`^4')O=FES:6]N(A96YE


M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$




#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE('-T



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^

#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RPF(WA!
#LR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P









65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
F4],T0R/C$T+#0X,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/CDL.3`X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


BPY-S(\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH.#`Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


L


M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


#`P
M
$$P.SPO




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$S+#4S-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/CDL,#DY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M




M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@


T0G0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@


T1T




'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)

T0G0D]2


T0W
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/&(^
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



P+#PO8CX\


C`Q


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




T0R/B4F
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G


3XF(WA!



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




T0R/B@Q.XY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU




3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G




T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N






M1#(^1&]M97-T:6


M



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
M


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O







T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


T0R/C(N
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]



M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B@P+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH,2XU/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*



#`P





M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M




T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


]

]
T1T97AT

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
#L@
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL


M=VED=&@]
T0V-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$

T1B

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P






M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M9VX]





M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1B

T1B;W1T;VT@



M93TS1#(^06-C;W5N='


M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




30[)B-X03`[)B-X


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O


T0R/B0\+V9O



M;2!N;W=R87`]




C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

M




T0R/C(L


3XF(WA!






T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G


M







T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O




3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^





F4]
T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

T1N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96TG



F(W@R
#$Y.PT*(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I







M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^




M






3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O





F4]
M


F4],T0R/D]T:&5R/]F;VYT




3XF(WA!




M86QI9VX]




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@

M.B`C
#`P


T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/E1O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXS+#DQ,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT




M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W





T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O




T0R/B@Q.#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT@




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L



T0G







M.B`C
#`P


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




M;&4]

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


T0R/C

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT+#@R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




30[)B-X




T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
!D;W5B

T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
!D

T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M


T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(W@R

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



T0R/B@Q
2PU
C4\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH


M





30[


3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!






M

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ+#`Y.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M



$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


C`Q-#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



T1N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M;&4]








M9VX]




T0R/C(V-#PO
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$



M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M('!L86X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXU+#`T-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C4L
S


3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF







M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N







M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O




M9VX]





M


M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(W@R




C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I




F4]
M
T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$




M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^



65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
RPS
M


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\





T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B;W1T




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#`P

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.

M97

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M87`]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXH



7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

P
#`P
M
#`@






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$V+#0S,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


38L
M


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M9VX]


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P
#`P(#-P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
M
#`@




M.B`C
#`P

M9#XF(WA!




]

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY5;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@


M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S


M=&@]
T0V
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^




$$P.S(P,3,\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

#`P
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N


T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[
S`L)B-X03`[
C`Q
3PO8CX\+V9O

T0Q

T0C

-B!T:&%T('=O=6QD(&%F9F5C=!A


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C$Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


CE?
M-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W
M.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



]






M






T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T

T0Q


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@

$$P.S(P,3,\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

#`P
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!

M($IU;F4F(WA!
#LR.PF(WA!,#LR,#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT




M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY996%R)B-X


T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT







M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$L-#4Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]




2PX-C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[



M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@





]



@=6YD


M9&EN9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0V.4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#@Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^






T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/DIU;F4@
C8L(#(P
30\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY*=6YE

T1B

M93TS1#(^
2PP
3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M92`R.2P@
C`Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT@



M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
C0\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


T1B;W1T


M1#(^.#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P
#`P(#-P

#L\+W1D


U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
M






]





M

3


]



]

]
T1T97AT

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG#0H@=V5I9VAT




M5U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-B`F(WA!

M)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q,4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@

#`P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF


T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RPF(WA!
#LR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P







65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$





XY/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


T1B;W1T

2XQ


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M;W=R87`]



M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXE
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP+C`\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXT





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV+C
\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B;W1T





M;V8@4W1O8VL@3W!T:6]N($%C=&EV:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



M('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($IU;F4F(WA!

M
T0Y
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8U
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]





M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


T0Q/CQB/E=E:6=H=&5D+3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




CX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/CQF



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



M9VX]

M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





T1C96YT






T1C





#`P
#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N





P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L




T0Q/CQB/E!R:6-E/]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/DEN

M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


C`Q
CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I




T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXQ
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




RPP
#`\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M;2!N;W=R87`]


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96TG/CQF


T0R/D5X97)C:7-E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L





T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
RXP-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C$Q-2PR-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,RXV.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^







T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#QT9#XF(WA!
$$P.S(W+`R

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



T1B




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C$S+C8U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\





M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


M9VX]

]

T0G
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@

'!X)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


@=F%L=64@;V8@
M86QL(&]P=&EO;G

T0X-4@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M)B-X03`[
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]




M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F
M(WA!

#LS
PF(WA!,#LR,#$Q/]B





3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


T0R/B0\+V9O



T1B;W1T




M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$





M;&4]




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M;W=R87`]





M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



T0R/C$L


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M;W=R87`]





M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!






T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%


T0X
4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T


#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


T1B

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P






#LR

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU






M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C
L


3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M



M;&4]

T1B;W1T





M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


T1T

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU






M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


T0G
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/DYO


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#8R-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



T0R/C8N-#4\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


P
#`P
#`@

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]P=&EO;G



M=6YE)B-X03`[

3

R+C
P

@


G!X

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


$$P.R0Q,2XS,#PO9F]N=#X\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO

M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU-BPU
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT









T0Q


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


3@N


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O




T1B




T0R/C(N
3PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R


M86QI9VX]




T0R/C4V
M+#4P
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU




T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M



#L@34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

T0G0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S


M=&@]
T0W.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M
#`P

T0R






65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M86QI9VX]




T0R/C(R
M



M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
XW,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV-BPR.30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R





M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T







T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O




M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
!S;VQI




3
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXR,34L,CDT/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`]




3$N.3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!


P
#`P
M
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
M

M












T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO


M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F
M(WA!


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY996%R)B-X03`[96YD960\8G(@+SX-B!*=6YE)B-X
M03`[,C@L/&)R(\^#0H@
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]



3$\+V(^/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!


M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY#
M;VUP96YS871I;VX@8V]S=!C:&%R9V5D#0H@=&\@96%R;FEN9W
\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]






M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C(P
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S



M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R








M35!
3UE%12!14Y%1DE4(%!,04Y3(A486)L97



]



T1T;W`^17AP96YS92!F;W(@-#`Q*&LI(%!L86X\

M=VED=&@]
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#8Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P





$$P.S(X+#QB<B`O/@T*
M(#(P,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(F(WA!

M;F4F(WA!
#LS
P\8G(@+SX-B`R
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T



T0R/C$L
M


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




M86QI9VX]

:6%B:6QI='D\+W1D



T0P('=I





M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M86X]


T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR
M.P\8G(@+SX-B`R
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M








T0G

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXV.3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V+U=O

O4VAE970S-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

I/&)R/CPO

]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]







M4D1%4BU#3TQ


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


#`P
#`P(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$


T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
3X\8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[


T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/CQB/D-H


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




M9VX]




T0R/C(T
SPO
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/DEN

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




T0R/C8P
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/D%C


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M9VX]


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\

M


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@





M9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$



7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T

M1#(^
3
L


3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#`P
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S



#`P
M

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[






T0G



M9STS1#`@=VED=&@]

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY*
M=6YE)B-X03`[
C@L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
M
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P






M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

M


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT
C

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

M


M86QI9VX]


BPT.30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

F4],T0R/C$U,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C
F4],T0R/D]T:&5R/]F;VYT/CPO<#X-
MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#4W
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




]

]
T1T97AT/CQD

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$







M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


F4]
M
T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
M
#LS


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3$\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!




M93TS1#(^


3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G






$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




T0R/C4W
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R
#$T.R8C




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T0R/B@R
38\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0G1D].


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT



M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

#`P
#`P(#%P




T1B;W1T



T0R/C$L


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#4S-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



#LF(WA!
M

#L\+W`^#0H@



M(WA!

#L\+W`^




]



M

05!313H@8V]L

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

M('=I9'1H/3-$-C@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3


#`P
#`P


M

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M



T0Q/CQB/C(P
3


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-


T0Q/CQB/DIU;F4F(WA!
M


C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/]T




T0Q/B8C






M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY2871E(&]F









M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M)SXV

F(WA!





T0G5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z

M87-E+`T*('!A:60F(WA!
#LS)B-X03`[;V8F(WA!


T1T;W`^07-S=6UP=&EO
M;G




T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!-05)'24XM


M(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0T]

M;W)D97(]


T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



M
6QE/3-$)TU!

7!X)R!A;&EG;CTS1&-E



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\
M8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[




M




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0G1D].


T0Q






24\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@



M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M

M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT



#MO9CPO9F]N=#X@

]
T1R93X-

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*(#QP('-T
<^




'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$R

T0G0D]21$52+4-/


T0X.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T


M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT






T1B;W1T




T0R/C8U
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`R96TG/CQF


T0R/C(P
38\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!





65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
F5M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]





T1B




T0R/C8Q.3PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/C(P
3D@)B-X
M

M


BPV-S@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S


]
T1T97AT/CQD

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


@=&AE(&-O;7!O;F5N='

M=VED=&@]
T0W-B4@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Y
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



$$P
M.S(P,3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY5;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@;F5T#0H@9V%I;CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^

T0Q



F4]
T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R








M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

T1N


T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

BPU
CD\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
M
RPQ-C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M;2!N;W=R87`]

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*







M4D%.4T%#5$E/3E

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


3
\






M('1O#0H@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&EN9SH\+V9O


T0P('=I

M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M86QI9VX]


M;F4F(WA!
#LR-RPF(WA!
#LR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P


M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB


M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
PW,C,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
M
2PT-S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
#`P

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X



M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\


@4&%Y86)L92!T;R!296QA=&5D






M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,G!X)SX-B`F(WA!

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO









$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW-3PO9F]N


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-S@X
V5D.%]C
M-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T

Y



M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M5%))0E5424].($-(04Y.14P@04Y$(%!23T150U0@5%E012!304Q%4R!-25@@



]


@8GD@9&ES=')I8G5T:6]N


M5%1/33H@



M9&5R/3-$

T0W
M
4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

F4]
T0Q


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M93TS1#$^/&(^
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]





T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/D-O;G-U;65R
M(H\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

V+#(R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I



M


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT



T0G

M86QI9VX]




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU


T0R/D-O

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW


M



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU





F4],T0R/C,T+#,Y,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



M;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS-PX.#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-




P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M
#LF(WA!



M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]


M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW
S0L
S


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4]
M,T0R/C8W-PR
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P
#`P(#-P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`@


M4BU#3TQ

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT



S`E+`R.24@86YD(#,Q)2!O9B!T;W1A;!C;VYS

#$R
M(&%N9`R,#$Q+!R97-P96-T:79E;'D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*




M#0H@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@:7



L(&%R92!N;W0-



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(#QT

MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T


M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CQB
M/DIU;F4F(WA!
#LR-RP\8G(@+SX-B`R,#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[
M
C@L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,3X\
M8CY*=6YE)B-X03`[,S`L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL




$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



T0R/C$X+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

38N
CPO9F]N

M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY096-A;G
\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M



\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
XS/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXR




$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



T0R/C$R+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0R
M/C$R+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




38N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

30N
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


3
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494




63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N


M9VX]




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N






M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W




7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#`P

M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\





3`P+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@




CE?-65D
F9A9CAF
M-#$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U
M9F-?-&8S8E\Y




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C


M86)L97

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN




]



M5%1/33H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE(&1E=&%I
M;'


M3TQ

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M:6]D/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



3

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*





T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



T0R/C$Y-3PO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M


M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].







T1B;W1T;VT^


M
BPQ
C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



F4],T0R/C0L,C4V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU-3`\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



F4],T0R/CDL.#DY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH.2PX.3D\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!






65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



F4],T0R/C@Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9#XF(WA!


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^



M93TS1#(^*#$T+#



M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#0T

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#LF(WA!
#L\




M

#L\+W`^#0H@





M;&4]


M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T1B


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C(R-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C0U/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD
F4],T0R/C$Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O




T1B






3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^





M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M



65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR+#$W.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T0G1D].

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




T0R/C(L




#`P
M


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




M;&4]


BPX
M-S


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




M


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
3(L
3


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
F4],T0R/C(L.#8W
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N



M9VX]


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#`P

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


#`P
#`P(#-P

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!


#`P
#`P
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S


M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M93TS1#(^


3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
C0\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R






M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXX
M+#$P,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@






T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

2PU
3
\


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



F4],T0R/C8L,3`S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-2PT



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXR+#$W.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@




7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


#`P
M
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

#L\

M9VX]

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R/C(L


3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


M+#8X
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXR+#@W

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\











62!$
M051!(A5;F%U9&ET960I(A486)L97



]



]



M
3



M;G
#L@34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@


M8F]R9&5R/3-$

M
T0V-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-

M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O



T0Q/CQB
M/E%U87)T97(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


F4],T0Q/CQB/E-E8V]N9#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^








M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T
F4]
T0Q




M(&)G8V]L;W(]
$$P.S(W+`T*(#(P,3,Z
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M

M86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[
M($U!4D=)3BU



T1B


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!





T1B;W1T;VT@




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M





M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXS-BPV-S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q






M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]








3


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ-PT
C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ

M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.970@:6YC

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!

M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




T0R/C@L

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


M;&4]







M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C`N-S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G


XP,SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$


65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



T0R/C`N
M
#


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP+C4Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^

#`P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
3X\8CY1=6%R=&5R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P



T0Q/CQB/E%U87)T97(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY996%R($5N9&5D($IU;F4F(WA!
M
#LR.P-B`R
#$R.CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.970@

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

M9VX]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-3


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


T0R/B0\+V9O



T1B



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*


M86QI9VX]




T0R/C(Q


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S



M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@





SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[
M($U!4D=)3BU








M;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M;W=R87`]



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW+#8V-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96TG/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/DYE=!I;F-O;64\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#0T
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+#@X-CPO9F]N=#X\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU





T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/C`N
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP+C,V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G


M

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^






63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXP+C$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




XS-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

F4]
T0R


M
4^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0T)2!A;&EG




M92!I;B!C;W-T(&]F('-A;&5S(&1U92!T;R!A#0H@8VAA;F=E(&EN('1H92!E

@;V8@8G5L:RUS=&]R960@
M:6YS:&5L;`T*('!E8V%N(&%N9!W86QN=70@:6YV96YT;W)I97,N/]F;VYT








]


M


#$S/&)R
M/E-E9VUE;G0\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N

]
T1T:#Y*
M=6XN(#


@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=

]
M








M;&P@8G5L:R!S=&]R960@;G5T(&EN=F5N=&]R:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y496X@('1O(&9I9G1E96X@;6]N=&AS/'-P86X^













]
T1N=6UP/C`\






]







]

]
T1P

]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^17AP96YS97


]




RPS









]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+C`P

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O9B!L:6ME;&EH;V]D('1O(')E8V]R9!L

]
T1T97AT/D=R96%T97(@=&AA;B`U

]
M

]


]


]






]
T1T97AT/DQE

@=&AA;B`U


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4P+C`P)3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]


]


]







]


















]



@;W(@
M86-C;W5N='









]
T1R

]



T1T;W`^16QG:6X@4VET92!;365M









CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS





]






C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^


]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3


M(#$T+#DP



]
T1T



]

M(%M-96UB97)=('P@0G5I;&1I;F=S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





]
T1T97AT/C$P('EE87)S


]


]




]



:69E

M86QI9VX]



@6TUE




M=6P@3&EF97


]

T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!;365M8F5R72!\($-O;7!U




]
T1R



T1T;W`^36%X

]
T1T97AT

]

M969U;!L:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XT,!Y

]


]

M960@57-E9G5L($QI9F5S(%M













]


M97


T1T;W`^


]


T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R72!\



@6TQI;F4@271E


]



M.#-E9#A?8S5F8U\T9C-B7SDS
CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E




^+RH@1&\@


$58





@+2!!;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@1&5F97)R960@1FEN




]

C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S







S


U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F868X



]
T1R



]
M

]
T1T:#Y*

M/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P


@4F5N=&%L($EN8V]M92!!;F0@17AP96YS

]



]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B
M-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T
38O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




M;BX@

3





C8L(#(P
M

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$L



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^2G5N92`R.2P@


]

]


]





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T
38O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




T0S


#$S/&)R/CPO

C`Q
3QB

]

]


]


]








]


^
3(@


3

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#



]
T1R;SX-



M9C-B7SDS
CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F868X9C0Q-B]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$580D%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


M97



M9'



M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R.P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]


M



M8S5F8U\T9C-B7SDS
CE?-65D

O4VAE970U
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(X+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P




]

M86QI9VX]


M7V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F868X9C0Q-@T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)




^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/DIU;BX@

3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

]
M
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




]





]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#@V





T1T;W`^


]



T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@;W!T

3(Y+#DS





M;7`^
3`L.#(X+#4Q

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E






]




]
M

]
T1T:#Y*

M/DIU;BX@
S`L(#(P






]
T1N=6UP







]


]

C@L
M(#(P







]


@86YD(&9I;FES



RPU




M9#A?8S5F8U\T9C-B7SDS
CE?-65D

O4VAE
M970U-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS=')O

@+2!#;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F($EN=&%N9VEB
M;&4@07-S971S(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S+!U


C`Q



]







]


]

M86QI9VX]


3
L
30V*3QS






]

]



T1T;W`^/'-T

@6TQI;F4@271E


]









]
T1N=6T^
M*#
L

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^3F]N+6-O;7!E=&4@86=R965M96YT(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-



]


]
T1N






M/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@








]
T1T


M

L(&=R;W-S/]T9#X-B`@









U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F868X9C0Q



]
T1R97!O



]
M


]

]
M



]
T1R:#X-





T1T;W`^0G)A;F0@;F%M97
@6TUE




@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=

]
M

]
T1T



U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F868X9C0Q-@T*



]

M:60]




C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L







]


]



]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-S@X
M
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T



M='`M97%U:78]

]





]



#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^2G5N92`S,P@


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T
38O




]






3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'





M/3-$

M

3X\

3X\+W1H

SX\+W1H/@T*




]

C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-RP@
C`Q



C`Q


M1F5B+B`P-RP@


M+B`P-RP@


#`X/&)R

2P@
C`Q


]


M96-O;F0@06UE;F1M96YT(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R


























M-RPU




M/3-$=&]P/D%M;W5N='





]
T1N=6UP/CDL









]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P
#QS


M
















]



]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C(N




]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T



]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
M




^


M1$E$




M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-RP@
C`Q
SQB

#$R

]
T1R







]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#(L
S4U

M)`T.PY




]











T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0\

]
T1N=6UP/C
V+#(P-CQS


T1T;W`^
M36]R=&=A9V4@1F%C:6QI='D@5')A;F-H92!!(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@










]
T1N=6UP/C(V+#`P



T1T;W`^36]R
M=&=A9V4@1F%C:6QI='D@5')A;F-H92!(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@




]

M(%M

]




]






]
T1T


M






@

]



T1T;W`^/'-T





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

3(L-3@U

M








]
T1T


M





CE?-65D
F9A
M9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X
M7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\








]


]








M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D9I;F%L('!R:6YC:7!A;!P87EM96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@

]



]


]


]










]
T1R:#X-


]

]
M






]

]


]








]









M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5)6D-)/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]



]
M

]
T1T

]
T1T:#Y&

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(X

]

]



#@\8G(^36]R=&=A9V4@

M/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*


C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^





]



]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^36]R=&=A9V4@1F%C:6QI='D@;6%T=7)I='D@9&%T










M
C








]
T1T

]
T1N























]


]


]


]


]



]



















]


]


]


]






]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M;W)D960@87








]
T1R93X-


]


]


]


]


]



]


















]


]

]
M


]






RPX










T1T;W`^36]R=&=A9V4@1F%C:6QI='D@8V]N=&%I;B!C
M;W9E;F%N='

3$P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]






M
RXP


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R
M.5\U960R9F%F.&8T

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J








3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L





#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]

]

P+`R,#$V/]T9#X-

]



]

BPX



M
C@L(#(P



]

;VYG=&5R;2!$96)T(&UA='5R:71I97
\+W1D/@T*


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F
M.&8T



]




@*$1E=&%I;D@*%531`D



C`Q
M

M
#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$










]


]
T1N=6T^*#
L



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
L
M-3



]


M8U\T9C-B7SDS
CE?-65D

O4VAE970V-2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




M
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S














M1&YU;3XH
RXT




]

]
T1N=6UP/C(N
M




M


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
X+C


]







]

^
3(@36]N=&AS


3


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#











M879A:6QA8FQE(&EN(&9U='5R92!P97)I;V1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D





]


]




3(T/'-P





@









]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&]W97(@9F5D97)A;!I;F-O;64@=&%X(&)R

]



T1T;W`^
M3F5T(&-H86YG92!I;B!T:&4@=&]T86P@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO





#$W


]
T1N=6UP

]
M

]


M;&]S=7)E(%M






]

]
T1R






]
M


M9VX]









]
T1T97AT/C(P


]

M86QI9VX]



]
M


M9VX]


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]





M7SDS
CE?-65D

O4VAE970V-RYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





@*$1E




]



]



]


T1T;W`^





]
T1N=6UP/C








]

]
T1N=6UP/C8R



]
T1N=6UP/C
L


]


]



M






M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q,2PX,#$I/'-P86X^/]S


]




M='

C
\







T1T;W`^5V]R:V5R


]



]


]

]
T1R974^


]
M


:6%B:6QI='D\+W1D


M86QI9VX]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#$Q+#@X

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
2PY-#8I/'-P

]



]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#


]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$Q+#@X



U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y






]



3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@




]

@=&AA






;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F
M.&8T



]



M96%S97

L('5N;&5S


C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R








]
T1N=6UP/B0@


U9F-?-&8S
M8E\Y






]

T1)1#!%3D9!0SX-B`@(`@(#QT



3
\

M0V]M;6ET;65N='
@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97



]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DIU;F4@
C4L(#(P





CDL(#(P









V5D.%]C-69C
M7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T

M



M
T0S/C

C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R.2P@
C`Q
3QB

#$Q





]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]
M





M87)T7V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F868X9C0Q-@T*0V]N





]

M
T1)1#!%


]
M

]


M1'1H/DIU;BX@
C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



]
T1T97AT

]












]


]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N



M97)T960@9G)O;2!E86-H('-H87)E(&]F($-L87-S($$@4W1O8VL\+W1D/@T*



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B
M-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T
38O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


]
T1T


]


]

]


]

T0Q/C
@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L



M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-RP@
M
C`Q

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(W


3
\8G(^0V5R

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^


C`Q


]


@

M+B`R-RP@
C`Q


@52!;365M

]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]












#`L




]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^5F5S=&EN9R!P97)I


]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/C









]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P
M


T1T

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ

]


]










]

]


]






3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C
M;&%S<STS1&YU;7`^,C4N,#`E/'-P86X^/]S<&%N/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@













]



]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]
















R+C









]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#`P



]




]



























]


]


]


]






CE?-65D
F9A9CAF


M;G0]




^


M
3

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P



]










@


]







]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N




]

S`E/'-P

S@N
M

M;7`^-#




]
T1T97AT/C8@

@
R!M;VYT:'
@


M.#-E9#A?8S5F8U\T9C-B7SDS
CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E




^+RH@1&\@


$54








3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

C`Q


]



#4L


]
M
T1N=6UP/C
L




]


M:6YG(&5N9&EN9R!B86QA;F-E+!3:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q
BPV












]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(N




T1T;W`^1F]R9F5I=&5D


M9R!86QA;F-E+!796EG:'1E9!!=F5R86=E($5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E/]T







MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?
M-&8S8E\Y













^


M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN
M(#


M0V]S='






M97)A9V4@9W)A;G0@9&%T92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(&]P=&EO;G
@9W)A;G1E



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3
U/'-P








]
M


^
3(@


3

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#






M=&]P/D=R86YT960L(%=E:6=H=&5D($%V97)A9V4@1W)A;G0@1&%T92!&86ER


M(#
N










]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





\+W1D





2PX-S4I/'-P




]
M


M9VX]


]










]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B
M-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T
38O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]






3(@


3










T1T


M8V4@4&5R(%-H87)E(%)A;F=E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

R+C











\+W1D/@T*







\+W1D/@T*




]


]


]


:6YE($ET96US



]

M;75M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



M960@4&%Y;65N='


T1T;W`^3W!T:6]N(%!R:6-E






M0V]S='




T1T
M;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F(&]P=&EO;G





T1T;W`^5V5I



T1T
M;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F(&]P=&EO;G





T1T;W`^4F%N9V4@
B!;365M

M86QI9VX]













CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S
M8E\Y



M:G


M9#TS1$E$






]






M9VX]


]



#`I/'-P86X^



34L

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M:6=H=&5D($%V97)A9V4@1W)A;G0@1&%T92!&86ER(%9A;'5E/]T9#X-B`@



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(N



M7SDS
CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F868X9C0Q-B]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5)14%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$





SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R-RP@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]


]
T1T


M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S
P





M7SDS
CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F868X9C0Q-B]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5(1T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$


M9'

]
T1T





]

]





]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L.#@Y/'-P

M:79I9&5N9'

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&EV:61E
M;F0@4&%Y86)L92!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
M=#Y$96,@,C@L#0H)3(P



U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F868X



]
T1R


@+2!!9&1I=&EO;F%L($EN



]
M



2XP

]





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

M:61A=&5D(%M




#`\





CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y

N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M




M:70@4&QA;G
@+2!!9&1I=&EO;F%L($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(A$971A:6PI(A5

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I

]







M:6)U=&EO;G








]




]


]

]
T1T97AT/DIU
M;B`S
P-@D)
C`Q




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5#2D%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]



]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(W+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S




]



T1T;W`^-#`Q*&LI('!L

M+#$W


U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F868X9C0Q



]
T1R97!O



@


]
M
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(W+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

C@L(#(P


:6%B:6QI='D@


M
CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y


M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5-3T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

@:6X@4')O:F5C

]


]

S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^


M:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86X@0VAA;F=E($EN($)E;F5F:70@3V)L:6=A=&EO





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
L



]









]


]
T1N=6UP





]



]




M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-S@X,V5D.%]C-69C7S1F,V)?
M.3,R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T,38-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O

CE?-65D

M:&5E='
O4VAE970X-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



]


]

S`L(#(P
3$\



]


]



]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C$U


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$U


]
T1N=6UP/C(T.3QS





M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B-S@X,V5D.%]C-69C7S1F,V)?.3,R
M.5\U960R9F%F.&8T,38-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO

CE?-65D

M='



04
^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@


^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N


3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#
P+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@



]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C0S/'-P


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C4W


]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5C;V=N:7IE9!G86EN(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO


]




]

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PX-S`\



MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?
M-&8S8E\Y












C`Q


]





]
T1N=6UP/C0N

M=&EO;B!I;F-R96%S97



]


]

]
T1T

M8S5F8U\T9C-B7SDS
CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F868X


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$5%3T%#/@T*

M



@0V]S='
@;V8@4T52



M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R.P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@






]

M(%!L86YS(%M







]



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XV





M=&5X=#XV

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F
M.&8T



]



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C4S/'-P

M


38\


T1T;W`^
C`Q-SPO=&0^



]




CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V+U=O

O4VAE970Y
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

M9B!!3T-
(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S+!U;FQE



M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R.P@
C`Q


]




]

BPU




CE?-65D
M
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W.#@S
M960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y

M965T.3

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@





#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R





@;F5T('!E;G-I;VX@




CE?-65D
F9A
M9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X
M7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\








SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
C`Q



]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T
M



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]



]

C@L(#(P


M(')E;&%T960@96YT:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
M
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P


]



]

M9#A?8S5F8U\T9C-B7SDS
CE?-65D

O4VAE
M970Y-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O


M:&%N;F5L(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S+!U;FQE




C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^



]

CDL(#(P
3$\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R.2P@
C`Q
M

M

C`Q

]



]



S0\


















M($-H86YN96P@4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M
:6YE($ET96US73PO









M8G5T:6]N($-H86YN96P@4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M
:6YE($ET














]


]


]


]


]
































]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^5&]T86P\+W1D

]


]


]


]



M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
M




^


M1$E$






]


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(X+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P









]





M
2XP


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R
M.5\U960R9F%F.&8T

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



`M(%-C:&5D=6QE
M(&]F(%-A;&5S(&)Y(%!R;V1U8W0@5'EP92!A<R!097)C96YT86=E(&]F($=R
M;W-S(%-A;&5S(A$971A:6PI/&)R/CPO<W1R;VYG/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(W+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S



M:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M











]


]
M


M9VX]

]
M

T1T;W`^4&5C86YS(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@





]


]



]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$X+C@P)3QS

]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P\+W1D/@T*(`@

]


]


]






]


BXR




]











30N-S`E/'-P86X^

3
N.#`E






M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-S@X
M
V5D.%]C-69C7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T

M:&5E=#$P






]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#(W+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S





]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



3(L
3


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

RPT
M-#



]
M



]


C(T/'-P86X^

38P/'-P

M9&1I=&EO;G

]
M






]









]



]

BPQ





]
T1N=6UP/C0L

RPV


M

]



]

BPQ



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^4F5S97)V92!F;W(@0V%S:!$:7-C;W5N='


]






]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^






]
T1N=6UP/C@L
3`P/'-P86X^

M8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y+#@Y.2D\

M+#



]


:6YE($ET96US



]





\+W1D

]



T1T;W`^0F%L


]

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(W.#@S960X7V
U9F-?
M-&8S8E\Y

3`Q+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13






]

M86X]

#$S

]
T1T:#Y397`N(#(W

M
C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R
M+B`R.2P@
C`Q


CDL(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^2G5N+B`R-RP@
C`Q



]



]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@



RPX


M-2PV








RPS


M-BPX



]

CDL.#
T/'-P86X^



M

M1&YU;7`^



C(L



3$Y+#DV
CQS



]
T1N=6UP/C
L

30L-#(V/'-P86X^

3
L.#8Y





]



3`L
C4V/'-P86X^










]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^0F%S:6
@96%R;FEN9W





]
T1N=6UP/B0@





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B-S@X
V5D.%]C-69C
M7S1F
V)?.3
R.5\U960R9F%F.&8T

BYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]


L

C`Q

]
M


M;W-T(&]F('-A;&5S(&1U92!T;R!A(&-H86YG92!I;B!T:&4@97-T:6UA=&4@




U9F-?-&8S8E\Y
S(Y7S5E9#)F




M
#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#`U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970R
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C(N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970S
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S0N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#

T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T
M,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#,N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Y+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#8R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B


T0B4VAE970W
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S


M
T0B4VAE970W.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-SDN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T.#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@S
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#@V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X
M-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#@N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970Y
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M.3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DR+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E

M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DX+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970Y.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`P+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H\+WAM;#X-BTM+2TM+3U?

CE?-65D
F9A9CAF-#$V

<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 30
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 30
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShippingAndHandlingCostsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredFinancingCostsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccumulatedDepreciationOnRentalInvestmentProperty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Jun. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 27
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Jun. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Jun. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Mar. 31
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Mar. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 28
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_FurnitureAndLeaseholdImprovements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_VehiclesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RentalInvestmentProperty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_OtherLongTermAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_CashSurrenderValueOfOfficersLifeInsuranceAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Jun. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 30
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 27
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 30
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsExercisedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Jun. 27

begin 644 0001193125-13-349391-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`$I0'$-)D.MQ'+(!`$P=%P`1`!P`:F)S<RTR,#$S,#8R-RYX
M;6Q55`D``^L'E+K`AY2=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``U%U94^-*EGZ?B/D/'AXF



T&?SA7GX9D&

M`X06/_';;':G@X$X)C##RJ7+=)J
3P=VY2LOTU$!PP=CF
?I@%B8(LM&1%Y9


M3G/H_&1VL38T7CI4S(;&BZ%Y\9`MQVFNF&G@^C1&P--%]K+\GOG%);
?3;



MRN/[AXGA[?*[*!MEZ41WD\_RCKM
WWPZ
@R*%IQY_)R/-Q#?[IKA9`9K+F^G
M7^)$G]^`

MG4Z&%P'&Q(((4RQA?X&LF\-OU_Y0VL(OVI;Q)+P41'&B/6L"6V.!I,DWCV
MA+E&?[ZW3\:C/4HOH\F((F('@WB


T;WB8T9;(Q_!#8E+&'M$1HUT%1W9-^+=/3G

M-)P^A`G`/X&I;(5JX%[Z$.\;=H
BT=







FHNA0S%64C86PF?HX%=4$NOMEI4/YNJQ]
M\;0
?

HM==DW$W.6N=
MY#/9%F4W&J3CW=??@RYB%[
5\Y3E(W/'\S`/'C6V2C.H^N)_C:]O];9FB0I
$R)8J`+9ACD6Q`);&$[OH5M7\X\
M75SR$'T_=S9B@[XJN9H3)EH:RL!^7GQ9W.KNZB9$[\;VF9.M;C@_*;(UUB
MN3Y!`?=`^'SA@
*1/N*8XIM:G$6SH,C!4P)XKM@-_6)49]#?SX
1YKT`/P
M2


.`0T(0$K(9D#@DVD

_QD2TF-A[T[]=:3+WA:CIX;&$!H$GUM[H?0R`=_X\;.'G=_
@B'G
8HG

*6S5XMDQ!
X5W8

MGV8O9;)@MFX'XE'F


J!F!/Y[G(:4H1\;!
M=+CE






IW\&4+\QG


2O_
2+F\MMC$C+S1C&;-%\FTWBXP!\`4OFMJN263
M?^







%
TA5[
C



75

.]@A2E!+E.=)S

M^+9
'R6
MS,E3J:OU<)5++UM@6A?O=BC;1_!/:2]#4M,,PO'6\?M3VF.1?$I3#
_G5X7




M/ODE
VFDCX@J.W('




M//K




S#.V]?E$




M*!
8UWX0NU&&B9JG:*Y'B/WDS=X/=SNN,FN/=L&?ZK4#0&=IBY:S;&HH
MEIG__O$BD4NKWLMBBO5LXH?L<^MH\<N]\UM9_%4;WO;Q^I9M-+I]2VSZ$D<






MP-;5YL-VF';4;*922\4V+07+VTO7
Y.'MWT=/0#3R6:S;?KZNL4GG2L^\U[+

J6&C183@
MC0WPJR&LR%M=1D]?04EG

]:I?Z+-S6Z5EE[[

]4(JQZ;%17'!74&[S?[@.:*KMO_C9]E82I






M=-D;YO?TP_S@15
8AQ7CGES#1$2J1#$R@MH8(-\<;5X*X5)

MRTE4B7+V+=S


W1)K94EK*I/*EH;)Y0I,NDG+D?W^Z![R`
M`$$,0`$JS:UFSB**

1!TGMW.YV!0EM?REN;?)YI?]D4X_?D*N

M&&D+%9R-C8URA0!-]BYGHXI`N]]7CG\S^^HV.[
]#NU`^$IR-%N.4KV.\&!8

MW0TO)9JLTV0R79Y1V`/R]!SNOH+#QZBL
1UJ%
MQ

DA*DDR6\<9+IJRFM3^&GK=L/GL
L


M+Z0-U%.


M8\U)1_`^#Q#;D
QHYMOOY-






M*;;

MJ

2LG



1W.0L\N


G
\IJ-L8`WN7SX\679TO0TJ'1`7.B)%8
MAA$1D=H$&B25BE





9P)6N.`Q&'EMZR2R8

)O._;L#Z/RTGSXT'
W&'
MZH+)G$7TXI$?A@MD@0SZ&<,;BD&GX@NML&N[P(OC:[?*Z`\(D`=<\81J
MHAEFJ7T5$I^&\'P#.%[HZ]`/X@P@Y8<$AHJU%Z;;(8*O4^-`GP/U@C=*?`8



`OI[Q1WL]_`B\2!(`3

]

`X]?!4Z
MB@1Q0(D





72

MF@BW

M77X!0H/E?@OS**F









_



1B






M\TOTQC*@'&I#B

#=5J/H#08
M




V=_RZY_NWZ]O;F



M&



M^?+Z!C^(GWJ&E6\_F-R\^W_VKJVY;2-9OZ=*_V%*2:KL.@1-@%?9ZU11$K71



/\

M1


!(

&K1;_8W*Q'PN4
M*WQ
WFN-NPQVNN
R\7QV@\/T0+ZOJA+AQ(F*66D[LEQ-64A56[CX/(@`D;.
MO6H





MT&&I;4'A)
_(+./*Y\BOZ4.NYQKQ@W'RDM&V.GW5V26TT;G@*BY65B]5@_1&

NYB&*D'CWV+`PT!`.)?U@#B5-!/R$`PEHV_`OM
[[N1B1
MY0





AZ380/QH
'0(0?P)5K(CFDHF:P\Y





9=CB-!90%!CQ'V\$)W]`:&4
M2__H[DPEO2@

ZCR'0]S(BIX#0789Y]NR[1IOF?

@8CF14LO&-+Z40U=ET$6K?B.'KE82A#P^ARYDT
22

?###@#HNM@BE:HTTH&B#


9A]`R-Y


M&!L']S)T*:V\?X+9&ZNM_H&1B:_._SN0KCF


MYZ6^W\^RW^6]Y#^H5K[)4VLVY9?YZ

MP]+.V)TSFHV\
\R=.F

=55-`!$3



MW\PG[H6@Y%L/3^S@`1W=`VTYIEM6O5F:H-:YZM%J-'MZWE-%O[::]4YI_%J:


3=A7:
MDPE3A`HH\3AR'

MJL;_

MP\BG:V(9(L9($

1I!21$)+D79Z3FUNTVXB
M?N\+CM=KI*+3$U&RZCF+H+3


MV=FU5W;CE7-PBG`#

M_W13HUUK-W:--J\HB.:'G;K6;-:;O7UQ[/.E[^JY
M=JN[#;YK-[F;]+;(CN





Q




Q0

MTS=H/V]L]]O*81N-0$&950.W9
7.4X_'G8[3]@J[34VWRKM[&Z_<NM%;[1?N:KIKD']K-VW
M^,!^.S^]_OD]L[KS,OAF9L3GS.#M35;##L<MA5W4T=?X_#Z-L_=AY;9/LM<
M^/
`@_QO/Y]?#XRKB_X))-!
2R0R6N
TOH$E:YN




O3L7GG.\.PULR@*;NN;F




-\/K.%*]P;T
41




+F





/N&4

Z6RZQ1R5:LD15
M'BV.+94'@AY78J8\A(*E]ZN!A#65L-=:XDXX3A:61T990=+/!YR\RZ)0^.

T]

BA%0BY.P5+X(Y?'ZA@B#^M
*@8BPJGPQQG5
M
G'[CBHD8

MI*.


@0_V5Y`RYZ?B#!;E1ARZMA!J)J0
]9VGOE\%ZSL<)[YDZ]5[XUYY-U0S$<6WO)
M4.SAD5&9UYQWNQYYUCA84#MX`U.]%J[WN/7#MZJ@[NK#J+[NB\ZV<)Q/Y



2D.<@`8!G=T^QAI<V/=4TVO^-3QVH&(_
M@6#VMUA8^F!65#\UT?']DJP^[G(

MW2^-0]KVI+?(I\$A&_.1F-E.\/'P_-/9(1/CCX=B_
5JFJ;9Z7[I=X^MQO&I

^

MFT9K
&@9O?[QF3%H#9J]IM7J]SJG8-7&X4\8MBIJ=Y!C-*&*)E0I0M&:4&4W
M
\GB+LUK0A5-J+)3[Y=O8T43JA1CWJL)5;;H8TVH4KC%=TVH4I;
I`E5*N]B





MWPLPT=**(Z^@J^DLN,$]!U(H#GQVXPY0_0FVLMV#I[*K2%$RC;A5
OX+'B






/%`P

UO+(5




M3=*#8=]PX\H.8[6I9/_C1&/9@:#5B(H+#S-17YKX7#EN:#N4&X






Z:-SQB9UBF)NP
MBA?W#M^%FQ2FZ=*6O6'`9A0^7`.SM64?Q6QM/Z'XD?6R!MQ78#K8

M/2'3;='B3GT7L0UQ%SD*&4L:CZO9HQJWA79KHLT`$5NG5E


M:[-[:HMGSGS%28;4)2ZH-]C9R++5BM4YH:GJXJB`6W:?JY/G4%4-G4&UA7

9%4DV2?RI



MJH!$N8$=U`PK*]B/9Y[Z]&*T[D[1\4F7E`P`GS


&^$B+\XZPE*4%9?&0


M-5LM.9
N&9
^1K`ZU02PPQ4`H]YN7L!BEL#&MB7DBB]X_F*-XB=9N[/'D.

+A9-YGD?\$!?I='_*.3.F)`?^7YCH.&$;Z6*8L9P[TG'3A;X.R(*
M3\^/EFQW+!R7W.S4%JPXPSC]WC/$4Z@7+@[@N7%\BXNEE#[B,3FVC7I&?BH
M:791C6LC






M+*9+:


[-J\B[M?<

MR.+GD



M_5YWF]:$+#ZZ&FG)VKZ*H35EV4(8'X!:75:-4S=T$=*X^7)%2./GD
9UD[T?

25M*H4VDM*W#;!


=M=28R9-&!::
MR:_D\'*$-5ZP2@LR3BGP0WC$3:B?3W0-(R181H4W\.$5O?;OTD^V1X8!)E3!

MRC=JKV=608Z0Q;D?

MWR`#3GZ[X+\3L1RR





MS?.=5%IWKN+HVD^H)V\TDYS+@:2;G;79CJ)WUW21*`4PJ+_B18I1HY7`7GD]









MLZ&E^A



MK?:5H6'V%

WD4G(^


M?O2;[Q%7W4R^R`6)2+]XA*]6I%_49FJ1?E'78'1?M%4Q(GTBV8B3J1??)^*
MAKI4J4FMLV31U+E/SUP#VVP6?W$)4-D8U^(3]U-Y@+%!Z'8;*`?4*#X$!3;
MEM8\%(LLC-/-N.=Q`4$!P5I!L$8UE)SS,?+*'+)'!YFG!N9%Q;PA\P!/KI
M0O)#/_7=0(IX[R0LHD

:P`VE*





MS4=_EI?%

W=`'.?/
;0EY$4B5I1#%_=&'-4

5NCQK!AYD:T&
MAH!G?':-W2N*U*DL2/TE.@C+











P^CUN1M7$!O#-NDK[)3!C-$MK']C0Z!.4$)VC(GS?&<

M(_%`8B*



(1V6PL^F81

B;\#@%

M
-@IZW%8G8?-&A&H(G[!DBH?F(N/X2B\!@C_]_G+0W3

P

M%D`-G6TG20LOB;S!K?25'[PPQ5*J2SABGN^@NK0H$!%I-=BD8E)'+E3*0.


UL]._UA]5H5__
R.1-')*

M\L;$::X?;3

O






-?L);3$S&VJ0*;GZ?I:`'NM$^




MP#8IFBROR2'S:QR
`U)'D[5;.$DK7062(I)T#=5IQ%D_5V\U_*PUIB!



'?46W;%W5];X]&&H@^S3][:_J


MOJJ!=.^.%&=@#A35['0=3=

M__
/Y_WY^%_G'W^3G

MZ#Q4]W





MUO)0NYGZU2


M_]!DV]K39[?N.H!`\0%N-$/N=1MHQ1(X/B0DSY!UX05O$49UV3`.+P=Y\D/;




AN.F]G0;6``K4#Q`5XQT/ST!AJA!(X/R6Q`
M))^ZF&.[[FTG9\PG=PB(ZUJKHJ





#KGE!-G^$:SF$(@A6
'?]





M`O#*
=D8&SWNF-]8OCH392C-[05'KVH*_H
MEJVKNMZW!T,,&=
M[^J9YW.&E2/V=4F'/YDR%79U+EFL3MG'[/EA
47LZ$?

;9ZBFT``
:Z/1X:

MOH7%1#


)R!1.VXXC^@W5%-5;&RC2TYX0*&*9

6I5E^'


*DU;MZZ4O
]XN7
MPMPC!
S1LQ1ZFJQWS1
SH';EG=0$M7!-Z0C)4A

Y=U?V:



MA[EJ9F_4L3JJ

MI^\JS^Q




K@U);FFDD2S]



M*


5%<JR?%=?-N=)<LON9)2$F+HSQ/Z__0C3VUN^I^51
(/L`W

T

AYJ(\7H#4VE9P_ZBF[9NJKK?7LPQ+X+FO;V5^VL4ZUQOV\3

M


M-X-B-SNK_*)_E!$SQW:X

MGNVZ1R3NB#&6M_$C.XKO/63=:#)MG]@S9)\9IXZL;3W[.C&*NV?6JTDS?J4H
ZDO[F2U='Y<P`&C$KI=F;G#%
MXJ7V?

OM-US+[2
MIF)K`+*1X3BJ

NFT9/NM)@]Z


M

3W

/M)=8+@#+T\X)$?
)\KI
MOEBJS!T/[I(
'C+V+$_0ZPD$



15EGL+=!/BK%+Z%2*K%S\4`

MD045_J;RGL
J
K@W/VRS^DL&^YA*#M(XL3CX-=T]OOX_?:KF[R'@Q)4!CH\
M-.;233%DX%9F'&^L6\J2L2[@T^K.BYP9X
P$O:?/9/.@4%-833`E4R#[^P/




M^
EZY#8


E6)

M=V:7U
66KY$L4=X/32V)W
O
[.SLS#.SE81A@`&9HH0EM%9:8)[\8@DK&U.5
M$4DQ=]$C!WH-



MI;;LS8GQ$
RX`O1MFE_!]B=V0G'F0ME%-5Q3.4$:(WA-T$6
`Y@(BI
*LQG^
M!7N.7U#!)@%;%Z892!`P`WZ%GD#3`RM'8![#TF'%/K01H58!DM:[0I/NW^P$
MA2:
T-D`8#QD


M0:2\IL3BU/#X

MOV

M1C_J^X;;LRPC
D7]EP


2Z^]?`M
MW((UVQ





MR#&MR(^V)0]

M:E
TG*ZEB!DD'%`B(4HTP4MX*Y=#JMTK+6:[P/7FLOG])H48(NP(X$WBYA

F&UP*E
M/X7U?PF0C;B!OW&6?%-8B_KD0K`!V+J,%6AE&](1!I3.;[0+B0[`5Q@;-.








D5WG


7LY]4S




P8C9/IY0I*D^7S%DG($
M4FF:;Q:


;#JB_1*:)L:Z.4%A3_@QZ*$5V2VDI945MSC4`+

M8U)IN'35R3-*HRS7=(,GH*W]G],9']-V5^_



M[WO.GL:2W_=8\M5V+



/?^0+&I


50?_U=3]]\(61D_7&U%;C1AK=D='V5UR8?*NR.Z6



MOGF.?WPZ.AMH=A



H*@FDY2I4LEK



M31O\]??AV1?!DZ=$X.9FXZU^


[4J%=




MR^\
$!M#_`5-G).%3HF3
!8U*
-$$:FB4%IO.F!%.CSZ\%F[LYX0F.N-^(

MR5AP`

(A

%M_/ON`[I-/N\)J\@W17HXB4)ZJ!DZWG\_--
MMOK.0HP]QD0(R]4$*
MZ5JAFUX*1O
%]
!L)A2M%/$;UWZMIW`;_[3XNP)!


MAR\2FN(+UUIQ#6V
Z_=(H24P5R`ARRIX-9F1I1PQCOC-&6'FR!+L:\?S?B:@

MY%Y/T%7^.KQ`STHTYZ1:+;V4H5;551'0=?+M'LUF%/.5JV@S?;YT9IWT'\

QLXBS1
X





AYX%2X`[:(





0BCC2A6*$@B?CA1I7$99BZ&CK%D8;QXG3D65^\+XW9P#CR@?9UW
MP/,J.UNYH

$R#F
M0




X&5='9J(NG
MY=Z8NT==/)*NLZ_/7^/4











S39VR2:NX2W)X1-[Q[




M




MDQ67#DW7IJ9:@Q:2M43V4Y!MJ_9@B]8U$MD=0+9AJ$X;J]9(9#\%V4/5Z4*4


M.H9E`$G7



S!D/0.Y*[FKQNRJZ7?3
MLI[!H4
]+5MUVACK*9&\2TZ9J9J:=/%W&LFZ9:H#6W)RMY%LV^I`:^%53OON
MHV4]@Y?44#K(KA:2M43V4R*V+;7?;^%5ED3VT^H9:$.9=_-*D#U0![+KHZQG


M7FXZ.4L

BSS5DG_&5_KMXG\GGQ3=6-X5ELKJ


MS%/E'Y$1JH0SF'7&8I?X/'41H!LDA`5@TQ'EW5#3\*XKHB2F\`M\&2?PBLA6

P
M@GE8$
\!6S#*DKHD4/#I6^('*=ZSW=``GH*W3IY'LC][[`;__-?/:=R[)F3Y


1N6K2JW<^;.%18KKD_BF
T8
M]6`








P\^M71GOI1S9=U9

MH)Y.RP_'OWQ4A2(`W

M94MXB`5Q0GP?+R!YH




M9T55%L2=LXX
3`1/I/ROC+F02%
7@D+[D&:7U-$KR:?N?4:VLI'_?*/57?

[55(ZI
MRR5EZ7Z7TE':EE)N'D)N]IWVX;?IEN496;(DDX:%\(-E^)@0V^%`[H;0M-'


MVY*Z;

#%JPJIG70D)EV?4L5!RMGR9`D8[S
6P:H$;2W(O0`5

1CL1M1C#\[42[R
MK&XQ]RKJ^+0
P59-2S_&D

P('$6HF
%+DS@\%:BI



REGEZN?
XB;T


H`4YTY\48`]1RY;+*C'A*U;
MR?X$\L?=%


3HRA6[3`&(#%K_)1H[S:;W'AE.!_X

M&9HH



M9#H7Q





MFG$*]3+&0;601*F;RW
1W^[5%XWQ0$UM(';D)`CT$3/F78
1^QL-P3(C
M^?F(U::3BF12?%4?.H
3Y4OP@)KT!V6A


D<C
+4LQ0$Q=H&F1V7@1E;A^:
3:GAA@P

MC*XM(LJST#G7B4XQ-U2\!]_16Q!/@J*XIHQ#C@-Q^@ER6N/LDNL;8:J5BYE%



GGLD]]R6@

SV/;].3UH1Y73:J62@*W!)M?;S-]FO8+



@+$B;L\F1<7MQ
[LM7/G`0R_C.C;T+?N?VKQA@

















1GIO*V)9U


MB


6KPY`6QZ?


MT5$F#BL3]@.9:+8\.\I$V15Q[(A-JH3'0/IE2U'
^*1##?.;KBI?!+ZU?H


]6'_=

5.1/8^K'I4


MZ*DI$99*$JU2P
NBH*.@/UO0&_79O8_*C+D\*`B2B)^]VL*4YDD


M7K

[
MW3MVOF<%J_+:7LS2PA-GW2Y<S!2.ICG&9G]$F;;`VO406:WW1&<9].179Y.

UAF

M+VQG

M:N)8`9+?2)Z&N=-:PQ9[FRV8OJP5;-E*(889Q`YG$^4FT98-]*3]@^?EFDY3





M1]!




\CVO=G_:=_JOI0
M
2K$/2J!]F3.4UU#6O'T_FV8I''&QGB1WI#X\L8-Q:#8A=!3(V(_`I0`X`(
M+=`0W[21
U=
197GM@.H1565'7.AR)KNZ'-KH=LS50/4(F4:W;Z4/9AV+
)M
M\W.^W@31/2$?27Q+F;U[E


M..Z4M\G]+@M2G_`!Q)!Q/YF2./57/O'^+PK)Q]1-LP38=3!**::IS_2%(\]U

M##8EN[\\P$I^O'(?$\(RYPM[KL]E;3;5J=R8CFP;TXE
U^QB9FB*
IJ(@&I5

=
LCGM=

NK7B0`G4NC^%Y:

C?2[34QN
MJ

MGA'UU#SJZ8B\1E!5PZJ(_(:,5M[IG@1%F)I,U8-PY[7FG)K9T^&C:=1N\?
OB*^T\?^:HJ'=Z`VG\JFMY`HCE`#M&Q9`R=1`?A
M`L['#9=X?U2W?&N-NZ/1JU,G?\4P6JS@U`:F8_

:%O0]R_&U9^


)_
M9







MKG+&&LB2$A=EWXJD*H4^$*N
+?HH3


I9!SM)96MS/U3






M8H!N[+:ZQM`ABU1K#=60?CUS8[\G:9'JVJODZ(6C(LO2V]]S8K
I'O2!=3HN


-*:3K/6

M(_?1*

WO/:O`BBA



M_BWT[OE=1$7(


DD&JG

=.X^#N]F:YPOK4'95K4^N.4./F=
(N*&0^
A]U^VF+`;JA


M)('J%^D-U/*:77W_Q
=B]%JZUSFSBU#23:DGO-4T\OHS#Q/1(GTMT-@00!


]`3LV(9EFS7MFJV7
M,1A&ZGRO)5L+!Z0/F`.6GCVO!'I/[OB=DIEY!^PA\,,0FB.7P9DL<)L_)6R

M_8O'P5


M1
'L`?\ISZWH]=(`60):R(X\[S\&B@[`DLC_6)S!A43<)

M[U]^_=J]NH%.+)BCN0CI*1G[`0A(GT_E4V+!`1FB`/KRGXO3-M.?]\[=C3[
M?-K6/V7Z'`MI,EC17:QYS6-#/73BY48:1M%?KK-H9Y_S+%?YN3X;CKF-VLW
M5\D\W3F;OJ(;$(=]`!3O(1?90M*O84=*UG*

MM+17T:(*M)0!+9J\BA:E4+14SWO@29DHNU#G9:`GY9_GY1AAQWJ]W_B'R53Y


@[2SI(MT'%2
^`OJD0E:

@WY[K6W]_@5;DM_3+:QI2


BW-Z/!K6;HMW@-
ME0VU=2N?$L?^?.K8MZJF*(K1NCUO]P:&H34;:EM3&OJP-VST-*W7Z`Z[&G0T


MEAY.6=HI3E]9YZ&%IO2]=#]_`5]8K@2=3&SV+B`_)TL0NM1Z($YH6ZN).*&/

MASUF4U7\`@7PJL;X)@E[N)P
Z#BZ\
(HB+%)F&F8#Z8P-KKMWKEAJ(W6H-MN

MIR7PH6/F
3A'XYX?3V?DG(Z#&`
T07#0N&N!22:.QR:2C(8V2?.1F0I9-$,
MY7OD#Q1GEETK$NOB^9-7W*)?.[JJ26U9WG\*15^D1?*;G9@U)+F*FU[RNT7




LW!#%Q&=CVFP)EUJ6\S!

&-^
`T7

@@FG
_-*.:)8H2`?F22_JDM&85;-.I5
ML*PLF



/3
#.C8#*G=


KC7:GJS6&
M7?V\J2G:^5#K07M9N55/OURI?RGR'ZH^R




M=`[-O'+:^CQ9&F]\RG9I&HG6^.V+@`
MDQ4YN&=?8L+P*Q]D$HK%3MD1FR2PWY+G^V!\N]/M]'45CBUUJ'8:NM'N-+KJ

OXW(





6;VFMY1+Z;DA@9W`!.8

8H#O0@Z@1!C@MPJ^

M36/'9ML
MBD

(KOX=2



M%N6RE;6?*:/Z5
JP9G'9RHX^M

MK**!7=&D3KNS_Q2*-K`+UXG=`462JM8A*?^13]NW
[&;W#6]OGRJ)+ZXFOYA

M6LY5VMIT0]KBA`1]H&?R
CIJ3%W_/G

M\S[AR9CS*3W`R
)1N!2.PN^%ZV)=D#\XKC7Y77&M%(KKKN;YTRV_TY,ME]3
MD^T3XR?*D9XEW_$M93=S+B
Y###
)ZSBFV\.IL5U+P`1[&Z

MBG.GP5$3=N3Z8+
.CBWE]\A;GD&V$[+
##`'3*Q1W[.G+.X1BM04CB]UQ*PJ




X_%L7G/CC@;F
ME/)AH1L




29OB\C:LJD@:+YG:&^0._PW#<5ZE9H22IY

MBL.*(%

S)SIC/R





M
)-S?6H_[(1?&191.J@=]\)PF/H8YAR=NV'L.'=[J.\17.S%]R=-4HSJ2)%5


)T=+]2'XTVNEW:.)&ZP)Q/.B-6QO6BUEER?+M.&!6]M4$:YA?


MD+V\Y!GGA@\TL!R




M=]YK-+M]68?G_6&G?:M`PR]($`D]O





;MWCAWC-&S6U




`_)S
O/ZN5I]*'R5RAM+X&L7OC#!9!Y?SR9O%-YS&V+=FG2T



M#9&5.:YPDKIIED;Q2IDQ

M]OF^PVN?ORDU;0L:PCDI2?VI`K]D
ZQ5&W
@`H]Y&5V]R_UGU_)LGN\[)4#J



F(:EV%%0[/(]*D1&'U\K0O0S#?8O@&.=\WVA.
M





O@UO

\X:_REH3




M%LN]N*F[BMR+7V


M=[]JYYK5+DGSDIFM(7`D!#P3)CVIM,HPOD#I\EKP^Z


1`Y_AW-0Z5_

H\&F
[]

6QS`2-PCP-1_F&.
(
M&(T`WH?A(LY*@O`R=P9(S?S@(FX7#U8(0S6HCJOU8]8C8.8$H%ESSJ%6_T

M2U!L0/L:7-+
GZ4KE1C#V)^)\L.
&`7D3!%R#+^$=P5ADQ_/E=^B6W;#H%7L


]7Y
Z[G8*:+*$$\



TD63@+8&7#
MV8HQ#[[P@/:PEN+

$\HQP5L
MX39SAFO$#8.[VY8F(E!L&]+%N)&Y)76<IR#4J).XR*J5(Z^%9KDAP!<;B'
MDF1/R[C^HE@U[FAYH5#^%/I-TED6%(<';C*@0=T2//=Z2:O-(H#GV3!G]`E

P6F'MI^ZW

Q0A/7P$I0E`J
#)JC71GT=XFGJ*:Y!9`HOP91K=A
M^5`R!_U)!N&J5
AN6(R)S/B
;'Y!S`6#4P&G@`UC#/)Z#!4%=LH1B^C-FD

;O+J'-;[E5



MCI`

-XKZ0CG/E_W)K

N
M08O`ZD/#X@





MP+!*GYRX_-Q97+GR6\S*K2Q-UTU$I9'D:.N
.-9]=48PC*//P!Q6*!I)^8VY
M7CV:8TLEDH[U]$HD]OXJD1QSU[((REO5W?A?T!OE3$882G%/O-0D5GZJS.R%

-D`E36Y
)?:\R4=^JT/@`XMPU/399

T_MM39D

=62^L8DL='
9OQ7[EC^ZEF3XE@[5`?JA_:1T/#-/P1RI
M:^%133`<'=2\2M<N_$Z37SO6:C=7HGZX*_X,`RAOV/$Z6SO.3IRM6OZT9N@


MY










M)N:UH


M

^7B'(D\#I9PH$F.1=$?3SG_%



4A

M\#P
4(32-\:,P8@4L$\@&R(C+0&5^R$VNKM&BZ@4E5=.&!4


9TAS55FB/C%X^/^SUZ\6XHAVX*RXKK0]!_/L^7Y]I9
M)




]C)TTIQ-R9*XT9;Q@7AWGPF4M2;M1=ZOD<RF(-]D/K^F?.^MWNX=#G$4;
M30VS('6QAR]CL*\



M'W/7
A-Z/QF.+
]PK*0RWI.O+-.5#XAQ3IUQ
J?X0!A7R_R5B;]O?=_?VV(`




'T51`=8HJ
M?^7CK;PN6^'G=?$\
$




MI9^;PAXVP-Q6\M4J`1$-N@=#6F/)+$&X`ELU+Z*S43RK%.=W@[S2:I48GWF#
M_!9[X2?HLG=#AG#;HI

XT4OYW;'\&JW.
M49C



MLG@LAU3




MG`1V#^J&

X-50





M`

MZ9*)P@RT5A

M).Q-EVR9LL4$&
R)3`)98FH7Y2L0.I24
_XKQ?B6`%8YA#_/T45M0]$=^!&X

MY*)EM5NB%`

IFYD!2_GM_9\Q:PFV&=Z)1C



A7F!6;S0

Q!&<`0.\_'Z6
M_H5\_EWYX+6-6TG/NCVTUW0QM




6&^0L_
3[.5?K'
M!FL;UP6/#RFJLL-JP'P#^&
\B

MS//3




P.


_QZ$8ER:EA;[98

M'^N)Z%668IRVZ:<H62\HN6\!4KWDN&9H/T%@AE#AEW@D:TV@^


8WO2S=`.16_.FRS

X2%7)M6W:JMHIK@)0T.L&ZK#R)ZT<5CJ=&LN+.OLLO6^.L&#8\


ML0H




MO3\_Z3%W+5VT374821?MH3).NF@/DW'21;M7%^V]AN+]%I;TZCS;.=MN.=H!



B





M7TJP'HYJ1+Q'P@I(
1NNUVBLA-+I<J/UY%'DH$=<@HFE.


M$@4Q#04.6JZ*E(6+2H-K90Y2ADJ^0#SB(&Y\:18PLI7U.$


A/\?LVHV)GZ5XR5:
M,.%

M&P+#U7D]!Q3G+8]V`ES80(&Y-@)9R\+*;EC1!TG)^8IVSS?6GWX0C_T(

M'!U][B=I%--F`0\*T'AAW]
J*\R(RF]KT

1:OZCE:X;B/4N.5M4$

MY%:@S!?HS.XF
S;?_PM3E:9\E[P%:4EFRV'-HULD#ZEH4=Y1F

M]FX-ZZY._E*^O6('XK8T3.H6%;)0?-QPI#Z:B)


M1BAJB'U#`'BR1^D=1)




#'W8(


L
9$
MKBHR=%7*Q%H$JR)#6*5

MMV-&


MK%^/L#T4$N3&HH9]'9G2\Y-EX*YX8?H-P\1G?

M[;$0;(=`76;Q
DJV8M&WAQPT=8P005X).5]K?@1BD3#DY2XGBZFWKB30(M

MF/
@*4=T@B8IQXQ&?`#%#-;H-$=6E




3T9HL))P#@);OX2(N5PK)N;BE#:
4T1FKJ(SN)
K0-+D.@0A3
JQ'-#^@E^\,O)($C91I'2:+&3


MK$F.BTD4H;&$(2)BBM\X=A5*

KT!K(F:7F\P)
MY/A9*G<WF)&@L_Z=!5Q?;5%7I*%TO:ZA/E47/D55*']4422O*6P+S!<O\`B

)61J





'SX
MS&;_?







@-=?NCNOYL7`[.NY7:S'QYMEW1?.:[?Q62\'


MJ`\/;76T6`;1BN6)\RQ





T)VC6X1KDN:+#N6\Q]T


M3H:)=3BGC

IT


MHOC6C3UISNQZ#1@=Z_#$7.YG)ZSC)/

/E
TO]




EJV=

M40A'OI


]25





LI7X_SD9N'/KA=0)-4;^]193!WOU6A#1-R];&W9':ZSD=




M2WB18QQ_@.

M*CS@+3S@SWS^H2A(6#2=1O0GU?:)V32Z83%7F2ME!I*+3?^735
83!9Z?C)%


M:.)4\9\




MELIB78^#U49D:M59G#QI_@E
ZR0'&GM.'@I@M]_Y5!#WZQ9]_D*6`X\$D6


FPHI_BBIB-.3=5M=



V


XXR4L
BHB.B'^\SUA


W-
L?66[6B'Q_F9W/
MN*

M5LZD




MV#*+IW




NC7K2!A&Z$E!T^A^


15C





%F
MR=!NJ+A)PE+*P`Y\=^('/F90+Y=QY$[G//T[9B`Y6+4!@^QB-HVN0=1!8*`5
M1*455P]T[*/&DEIK?B5#T^%5-ULEJ593(


\&T$*2NBG)/KP?TT!B!AV$R;ERF<$T
M?/@U4:XQZ3SV$X;)Y)X_@W'S/GV<F6)YVV*WCB)^-2PIB\-;_

M.^-XO2[&&D)C3*'\]E&\U$6.Y`J@V^QNZD;QROJ8T%LHK3Y3?3T9S`%;&@1
M`=4_T]




*O`.RM=(K+'&$R2:A
M]N=1A.@1RC6(:)J3O:U]C]]-&&=IDB4X`QAH!A8%


LHJM8G^OJFT*EDWD48'IHL:AR[M(*6;(8Y(;@R+$T;!1Z
MG/,PM@5SDRP6N@`:R,<$<YNPRJ`PCMN=IL#W_)%$R0).B6!5J)EX:+2X%J9





'!

H=BZBXK@D+[(%YCN+SNK-A
N76'.$`QFT
+:#SQ

W$_2**;-`AZD#`T_M^]IE15F1.4W
ML=W0+L0[OV%Q`DVL]8M:OF8HWK/D:%5-8`^`MKCZQN'EK8FM
BZV'7BW)73E*)8]#F+Y@:8/\[H*+XKK#&K
M:SL#6W/4MF


MF0?VEJ!$




MLCKCGCK0-5.U='N@=OM:3QWI(VLX



M/Z(_HZK#BYJ5
:MU_N`#PILVA[


1O`A(I,!(JB$LP,B0$'A&%2AEJ0LCCA.%0U!`(U6L
M&O3D<8*6[6`S0$Y6.@WA)8XR\PRQVY&W$[$(%NY_HQAA[A#&*.<!RAY2BV:5
M9!,,;TA]%]$U$![,K:PI\5Q,.`9A[_`N7+N



MD3MD;&ISXP(E!24%]TW!)U]K/'!#L1:%BK``%TF2
6](X+6\V
I_W!CFRN[
MO$)%&C^)+$.WO_YQ.:R6I5'-NU58C*$][(P&JMX?C57+TBVUIP]U=3@8F?V!
MI3F#P?!K5].Z7V$(FF9J[W[534NO%ZAY\A372\UP*.Q/KN]]X(#;S;_[KAM


UPCQE4G5R#*K`ZQR

#9Z^]^


MB]?=\



F-

?




Q
MF#LC76UW.CV[/[*

-+7/4;:MC



M

U6IW1FI_8
/Y933N=






XDZ5
:CO@F]!B]B$(*%$)%U&AQ@;6F:XZSYGK:
I/U^Z?2+J*7;&*=7X4Q9/


&J;
M/8M;%/KZ
GCL?!XZ

^/-RSV8G?6S-@OPP;=Z70?OZJ3V0MV&#CV;%7
MYK'W5^4CXD#5NW5C[R-/*Q]]8_'4!QF[#F)KR*Z(TU!ZR;^E*(
W]:1WQWV


L)K

D!_[8.GY$U'CN#KFI;#JBMP4`#:V4X4IU^ST3WSU#3!%*HWG:TM=S81TUG

:XZ_
M9N9ZH
5FK
6N/SB3[1-O?L86\APZ:F^?\CT96T






%GPS2!=W!L:NMP8K(Z
M;1O.3E97M6&1]T9FKVO:6@
J5W52C,GV6+AQO`SEHNA,CC*9%54A4F!BEA

MR4SF\TTJLT%GLJKH/#2)U3X1'4=5G]I%K]!(M:/QK:5[S3WE\)DF/N^DG5


66H^$U5F%Y0U[+(B]/K#+)W#!+

MYYY];C)3-Y1[S





-CS^-?DV8A*3:
M45#MI5X1:02^SA:B:7NW`F4HHV2L9.QQ
O;8C#T3]D

MD723=*OK@I\HH[OZA4CY_Y^?7@FYH`J#\-R2
KQB]T68I'%&:?;DF[R:N^$Z

JT(1Q%WZA

N6[D7&@0X2K\K!441=8/
NIEJ.WU7X7<5ALIS<:CKH#1^\_;A=W:
G9U,X](/ITSY'8&0%4/3.LHM4^;N#<)G1+<A\QQ@A#=%3]41L&U





!4@P*
M1JY
.6PFIR.Y!^=EFZW%2([2SK&V/:@61$]D)V80X3-R`)G-BTSI#FC
M&0=*.+]?':SMU8]1QQ7M?6?S%EO[9;$47K8]@J2RZF9X%W1I-!C:YDW5*
W
M'JB6
1BISJAOJ-K0




MZ^$^23^*G42

MT$J`YI'`92)@%DAKT@5\FH:6CKF60)`HHGG!P;6A6
XSLJ^Z86)$7U2..I

M/.BTAT\[81@[P\9;N/\%DQ-

MYL^!D(.=CZ:






21;O
ME


/CL73D


M%E_3:IE=&2=Z
LQV[`
+R4
M6J5J&J^M0DU@FZ6:\!Z.*E_`UT\:9-ZG!!N2^6J2^&CA/`I0OYSMR3*59D

OH9

E

M-Y1[S
YEMGU^
DFOI\E@6S+XN!GLG!]@7L7AG7H&;C)GMPGW
N
_Y7?_&_-@

[-R6#CYG!^OD!9GLV_9STQ0VD
^XM]A_C$*57



M




2_*E




DD?MP9A2
3J-R+E/&8L


/XTT^3--\#\:
$U)[


%X=2!?*42S'H!W`LE%2B@?3?X`'V2B^X0+-V-


M28&'55$F=5\9IJ%HOE^:-&
3E9O[/%RF+1YQS4.-

!1D56W8V0S]#'%!`LK
M(\GI^5R`#IF

C9[-F


(P6CDAU&.=?47P7U;&,/7!.)E!NR6?-W5N4YI03_H$
M,34]Z1;FETT0K<'J)S<VTU]!*F!&*Y:$7(!F0&KRG*.N*%





H\+\/9A!P5C1#'.JLD0





H?U=1IU!VZ






M.)E0C6Q$29=
IV288&`5G0BUZXWY/VC/J8-=8
@;0HL)3[#S.I`EHV%O-(X3








M\4

.BPVW&B:K`


'&M
[




MU-7)^Z:8`O9_-*_!EU'`LQI'+'?D;K&FMN;T0]
-9
VV3-FPE%VE55O=!7
LV53&%6%



5
M)=1@'6X`O+5


MAHX66;)I6D`&6W%E5W-4V5$]0P.!#0
O9)O7T/26Q&ZZJ!4$9*%C&^!-IU
MAQ(@$+)JFN9#6CR]GG9=R7)


8U]6`V'VZ!@A^E8H*%M_EUE'J=J;B$[H64U;
MZ8815\H:ZKYCE81Y8B?:9)+=-2[GI71)U
HMO
UM;W/?W-S;O.:1;7U_BD
+

0W]*74



UGN%T$`LG.+Q!7:P.9@LX].L0

8N$
XO'G!%\\WH



MTJ(.%.]$V
.6MZ.I'+6TB@5V\N7H96E58#`29@






M'XM!&DZOT0UQS

M.+M:;[9':8$&57]0=1-+UVT_)H5S5W8AO&METE@

;G!X&T!H6K^`54Y(?Z:$1

M[_I\(L/@[9J$

NQP1!-A@LH.@]/\&$$C3AX&
'Q*ID,Y-CFNTY4WB\M;=<+<R]3S/9-.=NG:&A#04/!SE.P$RBZ
M1[?Y=?6G,E9MS'XQ3+[JR[__])^KHOC9'93)UZ2\/TV_Q'F25<5#1+;#EM7


\3J_E

40$
MVMBYA$=6

M?']N_T%^:VGU5C!G*!O^6=7



38]3E6)
%'[S_)22EOKV1NH6/+PA#RECX_[.P
L(]9
*<0
Y
^@)]8%8MNIV,LWLIT^F<I246M70

M-Z`0O?OOWU1?)HI*RQ6(FUS*PU`A.%U#A;#%ZBJ$LSL58I^;-MK+6TG(?ZAU


19CR
M$#IN8[:PJ:VDG276&-7U&7#G

MW;=WY!L`/JER.8L8+P#VH.UB1BA`
)O]7!WFT<_WC
M-$G\-/U=EI_B\1M/9X9LP@
Z7O/AO]GJ6#

M


K(K@

M:.V@9\A6;W_7!B3#X%4




QM.;?:A)*G

Z[*3

[6=3&VG/0ZMW75JC^'O/O/7U'9Z`6]-
M9:)Y;?!-*Q





XVX/IH&
=$EQ
)6J_6R@WC6!&QKP/79


M-7CL4#5^*%(S%K(

=QJ('(8$2&^/F



!;@\RA`@]]GVF9UOM




5<^1#ZJ


MH4N%VT@/:B\E^(3`'\E8FR%/WQBAKAR
F5*6U(Z%7LT6G]NN&W@
$%M;N:A#
M@$NP#1Q*O2!PH




EQY

0$0MD/QLEBJQ6$I`FA33P0`(FH#]1(,..!(C#BKA=A$89P;OXC



7
=!`-
0


B3/6%.N-F0@:+_1R0?-

M!T\L)[LGS
R2_N21N59.TX^RF
A!F7R=:7935%W!@+4XC%_(`S6&^8F-VE5]
M=:S[.:Q;^(Z)7UL
9F6'^7JML?UD0/:\1/&-O0N#XK;V2N.9?+&\4\=6=3




MY
%J9'FRONNUZ50I3M

[_LW=E/6YCV?FO%!J8M]S*

M/??LBS!'A$9/9%5?L#1=8!9'UMZ6^,M[\7%^_]04KSM[-\B&-:]_]Z:`2^
MCF/ZI;FS

4L()99


M[S_KW=YYU`[[O9/'8E!


MV23Q9+9*[='^CZ-+T#-BU'-&Q(!-Q,9!C[Q8VM($/MZ
AZ@:*[E)2X9[*_



M4F55)7UG\F*#C/XLWC%[MFBB#\!78.XB2S)^ULZJ97M1KDT)4J5_]/QMOOR9

Y`0)-EW\ML)XF4^Z@8/(?X=]=S.QI

@=[








MGBTF\QW0'/CK.$Z!S5CTI=#N)*137/UNLMFNP/SHY2B9E.+`42KN@1(
X``C







?8F.&
5K

M`Q]VWH95DG+)(K#B



MJY;&G*RPYWY=
'8XFV\W':+J_5`TML[$(K`D#I%/70AVA`U\(K0%-2U\&Z0K

MEBS

\Y*1;
ML\QY%CB07&W&`#IE`&G.

M7*O`A3[0T@.I[


M;?SV=,,N#/;'HSLVR??];=1;=!&\GW1HB;4]M!P2;_'X=CF=S'=_-RZ:



R%L]-C9:7


M

I





M9?=Q-0&K)ZTM+8^I[QS92Z8R(


VNQL]T$US:J.F09@
M-DMCZX=^!DDMGUJSQ0I3SZA(+#!HDJ!5I`.F<VE/58S0;^

/R.&T#?F9UD[#\`4SU

,H&5ZBF:;54755Q]N



:87)=88%I7*EW`U=3

M:

3)4`:;HA38QBS^@M\#9L=&5ITJ0*^.##G[L!)8X88U2+X2P

M1:M[3WZDI7W\%B%PL@







_-G


-E/*YS._#4HU<WVNVB'+O6R;R<^0V:%7T9!\VQ*J:%#1T8=8'(\$8T#M*

82$:?;K!FN
M41D38FZ

MWUH.-RVT$-:265T+SYP?&#H(8JR2TF+`^:@Y6X-RTK7YZS=#;)0SPR$NA+60
MUIA1`!9&LP%'X
K\(AM:./W-`1_(LJ'WE47
L3@QF

M%8ZK@/O/A:;FA*S;W[KNAY0I8P6)K'4@ZYPFS@A'`N.
9($3OF]*1AI(&'
R

Y6S$AU.IO;&S%*BGC_8RH;XOWE8KO.8T.E
/$+H\`NDXDE<Q
M&PC)IAS'A?92=/,FR9S4^89PZ2@L;5[W^`

MHKG:!)&.B^:N4[QQ=1)=6LG1ZPC?%_0X!7Y0]/J+ZS+/]PCW9.MG![HM`LRG
M
C&:+?9L2@B!7RCV68
@JBSX[(#UYI*E3JO^&4=\

WCSO41PF

VK%%X$
!78.YPAA-H0+*-


3=
30AV2Z_&MQR3X2)(6E#DLM);?=




J+8*U\I%E119TYXAA_WR)




'24



E\CQ
MD7;I`M1S&27
95A_0^;%T2(1J@:(^RVD-LK)H./V

AN)_ZPS['@_G4++W8S:#[
F86`2YVE.$;8=$.\)
M./V-;







G2%9[:'31K%FLZS'[Z.DH?L)J[Q0SOOFL.O]:Q=!MJS*'`'

-LIF\D@WIF/BW4TK8)K.H4N5JJ:OV`




M=AK`S[


EBJ#=[

)=T*HIV5!^Q=R.'$D78]S[&E2


-[;MPE8M


Z7'&SXEXV1FZGR^==D'@3`H5=8$[`
X2K$$

VHT1EC4VVLXJA
CZN6P]^
8U


NUK1]A02S_.M0

P#4.O)QV/T
!A
M'N6.#)D^[2


+
I5EX417R8F`9AJNS1+!@T4



L)6]
MJP)J1YK6L`QG0(

M8GWW[@71N4;=[?OR`J+OY^C


M44`9HW8+#R7P+A6]J5`F=Q6^]\^@68@U8&H@*D0W?S8ER_BS=R;?*Y=;/:

M






6@:IU+6U(



MM





`PJQTMHA%$43EY$Y/]QG=?8/^N_Z;[-DF-?:=S&


M4C^#N

0
MP3(^
QF;E=]YU-I*$5;0_UX`!:#%&
.RBC4G4[^#HZ@N;ZP\8HX%E:%2VAS[
MPF&NJPTSYZZCC;
O`H*D[^4\4X97@


M_QY/\\E$8*N

GOTOBIDRQ%L;X=*Z`I6J/GYU$R@%M`_I:FATYM

X.8RFXA)J[K



MMV3A
R&NN(I^+\)4G9:S.4
1X_OI&[7)HG`
;WY-&
\&T^0Y(XGXD_%\EL=K




]8CCN2YV

^#F.D))L0/6;B07T1D*Q
85T6*CC![G


6I?0J7R#




M


M*%]*@?.M_;CWH[
JOO3L;[P0NM5L]+9#1/JXA`&0GHBSMQ=Q'J[I[CZ=WF


M*^G:
U^:MY+:?2;J9.O1
`G[3_T'Z-6?#M.<#H=8!@BGWL]X401Y@X+`^I(


M'?N1&.^9

VC@K$ME+?M/1-$



M*RF$VV*(H050X$IB+O`97



M^M\





K!

M:V;^P7LRZL-RU*056M4_?X*)@I/!M?E`Q6['EZS!3W':ARY+B]#Z=:K1M.R^

X5N8VDHW?A\MS&!9-I55+9X%(O

+Y@AG$'5U3&




)LV#3V'J:Q



M7*R`WAH[(]LI]-?W2(9`@`V0!7(DGQD^@(T%TG-T.SH7WS
0Z/J0VTIVC
6Q



8JU7K[&WV
M*O=\.
.

MJ*R6N:A@M0O?^BRFZITZ9?WDY*/BRSM3YYD\:QW,16IQ4K].KH=W/#HOYL
ZX1DJMB



M4$RZAS?+S\BZTV%QQV.[8#H=:'_/.0U
1\-DWASF7/451`[67-YO:2N^)O)O

[RA'+(_QQ-&3.B..WDV7U.]]@0\



MC&L/(Y4)




13J0'`KILY!E906CH#&Z)'7EL8`%VJSR;
!(76D**E)ZF0.
E%YX






=*3TQZ4D8JLKF`_
M
^##6NI


MN:70OSQ]R%




;T;O7OS=C1:^O[Z
MP]G9\_/S&R'LN

?/5I:`A

M*=883=]



M*:4&#(Y*2^!?IW&Q4_SJ].V[
MT_=OW[QX]LE?D.#/PG7HE


;




'BXIW/Y\(%T:E

7+OEOG#MP/)=

%D
M@'H138:$R5O^0!TG\T-/
CN8G:.M94NV7H?\_4*X[42+Z7$U@99
'$LV:'4C
5KS[@,?+8BX:((:`R,<
MCVH!5KLF@F-M*F3)GB36D2F5L@M6*R*V<(RM7%WAKROF`#,;^N[UK?[M3P&
B^/0S@=
ST$5[E/HA5D]&
1+@;AK[_\KIG.&Y(_-KEU6N*8E^<.'IDN/B$QK4<=](?AO[
M:)$/Y.F=VJ`B.\F/4^@!):[T.]'(LK5CYJ6^T$1FS_ACT@[X/8=(T^XS734


L:S](POR0%=





WY+'--G87S]P+
M.B'


DWS8R;U_
MK-

H`+T'6
7-


R'


MT(3A@N)#\'Y!^+?[#16V(//2$;!3:!`^H]SHZ!&Z7:V%NXG%##NM8SMRCI#
MH,KTNC2@O]PPF^@\_%4Z5\2(5#)DYD@2M`TJ]L.U;XRA-](4@]R4-HTR4XA
M4]0+[X[-Z2T'_3.*II4VHL+UHU-3@_0.:`6^B+/*PPJ]$-2K'&%5-89`L)=0
M+9--#;;?$A1UM;1`4JMP5-48&$%6GBZWFL(HKC8$EMAS$-G_
HQ5]TE]O2'0
MP&F!^11?O-D+;2N?)#65E*R[-X$`(G@7B]LR#1PZ_[

^9L%*I=:^93QRYOF:R
)2A:%997UPUG=2J

P7]E*`1H


ND=Q7NF260PO-804%
M$IH9Y]]8Y

XCJ_B^G/AKO8\
M%C$QM\Q9

IIB?/^*




V=C%0*!FV=[:50%6N4#GN#-L;F(F@:
MM)R*P:#]L:48=OSC*60#-L;#!W_EE9E4!@89!IJ$K22=WFC'

MBOV0HZ-1M\CSR?Z'Y5\JZICS2]`E'NPV-
RH.L1-]P(V8`S=S^$051*X5%5C

M$B4=!_6!



M^4'N;



=MYYZC:?1^

ZXCMD`):W
MH`?**-0K/`49A9J#+918P.%_:&*AH/M]N7VP?/5SOHGA]?!O19YNJCFW1
M@$;X0B]-!WQ%#6B$+YE7A^(K:N#?8:FE7G)5GK\;EP!@K0HM:5?


M8(L6!@F


M3

DE

)

MLY%9ZWJ0RI[7VM3+1GT(IBA@P=2;1$KE4^%T-C(A7K_RR08=E%RLUCY8N&&
MZ.!AK5?





#/:\-T#9ORPS4;E`6





2EF+]])8S_JC:1W\MW2!GB[EG65

=]QI21':33AHJNDKJ*X_&]OP7$87-&[4D8

M?8[)38


M@4P-71T'__Y2EK@2+.)X!I#A-B)O%
A-UXR:UH00^$J/@U!B
+*XG1*VZ[
M=-`TJZ.%1.'#3B[][&

ML*)NC_T0JUM.VWHCZ2;_LT=MM6!HX8;6`R*8J-4KF+&.DD[$-RK?0V(SV%


MIW+XP6`YE.1ZJO3=E;PO_'J1%W;[.Y/UE'U7;+6*DE-TC7R+O*L(*HRN9CY!


/(5

M^O`C\-;]?=M


M3+:;C
Q/JU=U*M3O_JQ\?6WI.B#IR.^F*Y
7
&SLK!\5S7G:BK28VYW'`


9`F)





5<*I<1;;IG

8%B('#*\

M-RMX&:9K:X

Y_92VK+G](-Y0&]




_91QOFG9!
Y[KI/WS&7+T!+HU_/'_4$L#!!0````(`$I0'$




M_O$M_VN]-:4C3

-7O-?O7Z


M%`=\S:7%^GW+&K[5&O-M7\H?:





K:'V_ILDT]K[C

.2'.HCZ2`!]YCH64LIU


O5QD
MT1T]5)+[Q8Q@NBK3[2QBG:@T1X^@#5O+`S'&E(JC[8TU)BGZ%_]@]PNJJT%


M/R:4+C8GCNF_$G8IE;_NS@Z-L:TBH0MRB9XB.$D2F.Y-V?Q;'TP&LPR(SK)Z
MK3?\D'CV9:*!OE?+/`

(8+A#3.VI_[7/*


MA$K5:Y0RS9RQZPIS_0G&N0)?JNL/






86PG$ZC'G


M






PZB%@9=!EJS'4'&U/



MAYC`X

/KE



M@X4J;3H\E;L=G
^=IR/=TM\E`C+E;8]-)^.1'I55R^/16#L$Z:$+IU3P41$J







M[BN.

)=^].!*K
ZE$A';^0(]&O*XCC%W:$1J$*X/A%
M'1WK8H5W_%*/P))6P7
D[0B]UOL@A6;SNLZLL
54-XFKX_4@RD%D&VBU)C5
M!`)#@BG./[UM.O6'=/27X.X79;C.#=\GB]QP-@!8+AZVMZ9=!?\VR;XL$/


MA'DN'EIBE6_I%[Q?S



MYH;6F-[@&4_XY*]
+`E


$[JB@?%/Z3;Y*63E9DGMN

;GD_;G9
MA93H

E0Z'7V%U?+


M-')#IZ9-R!
KD+'=QS-+SYQ0Q2@CVU8OFZAE?/X*URA(()5YF@@;O\7;$\
M7@_




M5]C]%4.[8K=7*Z_BDG^B:Z\C0`NSO_:F3ICE


M2K##OQ;3'C(O+.9[NH_%F#%$&H+JX1
`9LCT_=G.'P1H+52MSK
83;5JG4]K
M$G9P6


M-A_$24WH*





'9M





MW&!J`[!J(.=!!
KK2]32G7%-*5WKQQ'XZYTR!@))?#7+Z6/3V#'&$.A#9`
MF1!IFA_A-4@#6]L8GI30QBT\7]V_)&$8ZJ



;R/\/9E2H8K`(!47



MD;CK:XM2A

Y?ES!*+K



MHRL/



(S%#XSSS!W3[&M=*Y&A<6/6HM&I-
M^Z=(=D:HF0%68O_!/_U*.\2M

XM6J8BM#F=:@T_/D$#G*TY!2

M*[39Y'C^#.(P*K;^V-ST+'RGO8KJ.6L3_2F(-?(5JNZ

MOZ4KC+THE;%NQ7/


@H


M!I78V




I[`=J


MDF(:SVC-\27E;YXQ
XTO


:[V)*QK3@H6(M/
MIC[0K+P=)8VMW%2?J

294Q439I



M[.[6&[7SQL1.$(-T[T-6.\IQ\X0QV+H5AD`&H7^U,=#?6]O^%D;5#-=V^%
.^KN'2
MJS)9NR_;8@/QH?':^9
@_7&UNL



7R(`#I'+9WCA0:(%WJ$T1K
X0M(*L=;\915






4_

SG[3*Q;7G5NBA/SJNB*A2?H9-'7H4[
U:*OY)^(ET5/
M`W7N6[$(ML44-88T[




&ZGY<T(N!]
M7![R(HJU^AV-PFE\1952RK0K1()LS8I(!6+-ML=H=MP)\:8Q+SG`:D9!\2Y

#B5:QH?8X,:2GTJM#6&_[0`VWZ!&-C)@B





M&L3



'[\EK4Z:L:SJX0+!EYC0

F
M*&T+SO



?:6\C!G_C.
KIKU$[;A)-=Z\73[D02



MZJ+;PKFW04_'USV5A9K^X4)S;MDP5

@BBC\&_I]V.T
M9RDGD!X\@,1T%2:[97BY%0^@$&Z'G-&%<\FYS-8JQ]#:.UV0EB

MZ/V2A/ND-]K8


R$HSJ]
M9:YIBP./BA]4M



CNU

C#8=Q$WXJI/-Q

QVP-'G



M;G@VH*O0Y]*O`W)4(_#=YR*Q/JXUX_`MGPO0NI!A;'D5?2YT.R*^'G@:?2Z@


MN]6YSW`0D#6?J?/Z]8


M*H[XJP[VY8BBDDT%7T]K\ZZ*X*^064RH6O4


.^*AZ'-0


MV2UT=@MI/HS=3?^L
J-
]
!3=0_U8.+@0KWWCB%;S+.MK7OO#O)@U8G%&N]]
M0!YP3EN5=.X4&A


4;XNIO$DS4GW26-4QX2R\3-*=VN:W`30[)DCYHJ*.UI
M^L\?A:8[+@[0AOY02+LB^[ZLJ147!(,K#W.J_=6%T^@J`O3C+5!0O!7R%1#$
ME(!=M4)1L?@])Y#1$+\!C(Z8J[A4UH]MZ:(-1
T=$_O+0A@_L2[%M6UYNYI
M;TW*EC8?

[$

ML:MM17)8,HD+A#=?Z?$'N;Y7XQH\TA(86
_``#B)[9*\./0)S'8#B%:IG
M5E28+)]C-.%6'CPG9.`F,`R\KB_)A1-8Q^/[!DU2!W3)LLZ4^)U3B!T%:
M
Z;N![N8#N
$:YF%)EZYLBVIBDWO



M)G$ZWSEZIZT+YGAQYHKS8+JJEN+CI&6;G6JN2Q\F=C)K^ARN9FU9R=U=[F/;
MC@X_]]OX'/-C9R=(0Q\+[EIY20UMKM[G[=F@RU2!Y1IEIF;2)Z;]2;6PB+

<I76\^N.*DG\D7&7.L`#3!'AQSH_ZE8LLX85R2?XG_P5[P+!



QO)\\ZMP$
486JD15[SW]]AC:6\9U

M;

V
MS8S#KG`VS9Q-

M-*LL8*YHY








_((R3
*E.69





MH\DNK`O
.K+:&'3GKOAUY+GFO5Q\`MD6^?:XH#(C23(BA%_\-D,;W9OJ;DA
MXJ)S[WTE=#.-YN85H7Q@G:G@9BIU*#&8-GY`C\D.H^8_N'($_=2W)N1]&

MU:Y;%%

M*&)AOU-ZR

#$S


M0'YTQEBW95CNR6`;BP9%ENQ*4Z2V2+FM^?6I*KXE/HHTR6+OEQFWS;HOWG/J
MUI

M:#`MY\-)S
.W%3'/;/)\3M4
SH


U%EH&

5.'C-:/!L/7=!EDN[]I*VB*6
M,XHR[*O#Z==!9M(P@<`E-@.+-,37ZULVX)OV+1/R]3J8C?@!YO&OB\&.*%
M0M(0WI^T551LY+\B[U'Y..=V*9)7YV-IOT<C'-ATN%=P:5L:#?H4EE45_`K

Z#MF=V7.T(H7C++\0.'VZ_U#VP0+`
'`PF
_N*R,INV5\E
M@XK2:A#%).+U!SR0Z93/IY1#KK\R^3VBS0J3@]1\]+H%F#FT0G=T9C]3!



ME%LH-1$

M&JVQA8Q+9-$?W`?V9T[4O

`L\F8$:!;Q7X9H%O%Z_*O+9)TWC1YO!)IL6:[29O
MAK!B&UP['_







:(EI.JM-I<`%!)!X
M1.]0[U[B0+@)7SGA/-`$MEE*GE*^)]\0/\/
AKE'09!;1@OE:+*&+HZ49+C=


/O'[

U
MZ?&ZM






R=CK[]ZUUC]RE9J+T
YL&/%:ZX'%!#]6`
MV^J1V_8:L.42FPFVR1[6.]I=R.O


M3B`?$T.XH@C)!]4M[3&M9TQ'DG/'08*P.FHD#5B'E@C/QO?#ZU$/H!5)!$]D

MU
5IR&KK!(90@5QO`



]M

M?%[DBB'07'^TML(SO1#:$`+MTUG$Z6$LD_3-@*R%1[-18[(P@=MB51B[



;40Z85`L7?/1DPUFW4*E//1GG?LS]
O:96]]=!Q'O@GPL\O_--#

'3H
:

ZJ6P2S;.2A?UA5DFZ]1D1V*MYL4Z.T`_,6)8+E&XBM\
M*]VAPWMM@Z[MC88/1T_S:034V2+:
9/AM-A/KLPF?#%D]HI9JCH;!Z\3XN]

LB@

0I3B'(12Q0')AZF(!LM)P[

LM&F0&MSP:+DC9PVM9'CH[R$+KC?
?%

7=S)U+_HC.Y7TSM::[+PT*LSA<A^Y3'6T?$L0WBEQ@I
M@P0HDJ-1N9?QUN%;?/#YPGQC%^\ZD@:?HHEV#)&,*'0))4*=1TZS#JF)/D.
ME






EFE:DBSF[5XBIE1/)=(\83U9)W!B7Q3)MCC;AB





1(I:Z*O!`GLBHQ
MKH?6D(76V%VL3/S
-64?ILAZM'62K=#-._4P3@X)NE+@DB4I$,7M;BDR'I








IIEWX
M%LK!1$FAPN1/&I^IS\)C&+W4F



?4XI^:]

M2.I=AN\2)8
3*M@INC-+X7==A90!3J`*7OF(FI;!MJ_M/\&D^NC0VU?(=W':

VEC6M
M

M\)]DG&]IE7W$`7Q$.X)QDK+R9%*NQW2PZ7\=]U=FTLI$P6F4&\O%[C[WH[.E

Y.

M;F^D?O5)(/T2G7E!4#J&H.B*\X*/?923T0V4'1LFFI?]_E`1P%WB4G_)GP1I

MXH?M?PL^ZO&.T
P4-3A,M/P:1QECZL2@5!)QJ%`L1Y_





#

M(*&G$T/;I56UH5\S^XI.N&3T`

MZ


X:@;M!#F:#`83-)A41*9D7C$Y.<DS:!

M\]B(Z04-Q+$U7BP:

K)(;@!W:1^


MK`N\IO`PF=C
_,USK3(9J95`7ZRHC../7R$-I%9%_1V1UG]`!G
M@*-Q=;Z;.8LT-*0W;FLB0U?&'F^+7!RB@



M10?IG2+LCI'DQA'!5LJ:=S20@5`A:/C
%_12MY@+
O?I\!MVTAMW-&U^E&GE
M4*^5M80@T52KDZFJ.`($PRQ%U'M(&D/0L\*/]OJ;_4K:;)HY0-_6P1HPU:#E

R9G$@W


M=^R'#B&P^R



M$8C*T#7/U]X0*S$D6FO2/*%7&C/Y2;Q38R7UC4$8W+KKH^_CS5=W@_TK_(YW
MWH%V1\M7'[
:/^4\!GI3?4\)40O
LM/9(AF[TU-HL63$1*.
;)0(5]UORC=X


M;=


(J#6B]HZ16X0OR@[
K^

XLAK=T&
M*/)R'4B]$^3

M

M8`=22*=&FGM:3SK`SRVQ\E#4]V_.(1#?NRYX0VDB4*D&_*KE:3QRC(2AG#3=




U(:5:)_@$0%R#O1AO3#;BPM&#BV+QB
K7
M5;*K%_
9W&Y=TC@.0N13\^P-G3D




5Z03N5A15OWBO..?'BS





MPCXE?5`?-$CKX%'8#HK1P:58@0LFEI3OA*6C.D.C(`-PD$FJ`0PB+T@;?&K
M:D:LY`$=UL-)XF&P_%D

D&/

M0;/)8C:/.[+R^.F[%I*@?Y-GX5GA76=H3PSA42@N?A3`]AENM-:W^CL8YO5
M]ZY[2T,OVZWR]6BV&X*T#*MQ+=

M#4J90WPC-7L@32R#`(=!5


MY!F4(W@#*-
P3(R=


XJ`NX[IN#BUE@4D

)=O9KV*'AIH8Q=C`_J5HE'-.?!!DPF1@EM,88?FDR'Y
MES1S1//)@?EP*DA:0`:-PW2WLX$5.D4R!G`JN%TR*E[S`/7Y8ZXVMDZ:[8K


MJ@%X)#4=302HHZ)


M


8TSSAT/$QNTO@0-XY3XXI

GR9RJ`TWSQX.%
M8/H^D9N2@B'P[VBQ5;X)`KTG!MLB@[5!O#IBA9BM\):A(&QX&*M:@%F0;%CQ




M.3X$VKA_+KYH1@]=T`HZ%ELL+&M4TTDG1YE-ZJ8[V2LFC)[M[=17=S-[G)[A

MI05#LZB
VTL$;:7+&G&K+EW2=X8


=)Q5^`?N?X^)W)Z]!W/?\;^N[/&]&+U
M2T+$3M@73]6U=@:456


MJM01^;0&HC()KM)\V&;FULR:$))CA?&O&I
K2B`
UMTS4
IW5!78-7H=-
MQ&WYR*UEE%0(

K

MFD[`..XKG7O&A&HWSCIZGI+ME1.P0BY/).V%AW&71O2R5P?-@4BT9N.QD
92
M%1#5`664X$M0D1K):RP=BC5!5!5C^$R5.SFQQ2[P*UR@D8TDP*Z&EKJZ^CSY
MB:K_L
W6T2/4ZV

ZD7'?+EBF;%JY\ILDIS-

UW
8
4HQ\?7G;.:TT1\=HWM5+4B3K@

MG4W3[\]?
H%[F;@NOC3H6B6.A:)J$QSUIO:6SK.XU`APJKM*
J%X(@0*6^
M


6!W][3-]@H':]\Y\,6M\\]$G+Z
MH#M6
R


MYN=N+BOV]/?'I$I=Q+CT(AL^!NW%;4HE@KVXC;QG1A)%I[!W7G#T\1WYE]L0



T`Y28.AI\






!
MNYN-UV_+MUUX+-
\^I
I8




?ER3I*)96#22


MM;JCF;R\P[3'Y;N)KNY#OU*E_5%/U5^H!W=





R2HM@FA:!+=XI



MJ'2T\M`%9M=(D[]_\*L-V`CJC[YN=`?


M7!/+-VY4(]L)5K'KYD[8$/&?T;VPL;^,`FC@-`6`;;.=W+F2:.YQOA/TLU



M'XKI!/E5HA*_ZY97[;PAORNN0HN?59`B!6`]H/TGN,[J(;H+DPQ*2I!9@\



Z4HDR*M=U6AO4%64X-4
MQGYI


M3NOT=FU8YF:SQ=XR!%?WQ.RFT

M)P#Z1$W\++!1(YI.@[$&4`77Z

MBYE

MZO.I8@

:OD@$B6&2S0QK!H
MDP5[T7PF:/7I`%RPJ?Z

M($`K^#KND2C\0!S.EA.J+GYJ($`EVL!:@3?QCJ9QFA[+1EPX(M(1%8]2^2AM
M0


@=-9H;[O'
MK;VF2_ID:+F)VS.=HAKBKBD]-?&[J=3$;EE=;OY^#$)6-;9#&)Z(
HQLBOJ!
M[ZH=#48-687?79MIRUSRZ.05QA)




O^!BJ9G21U17KRBT#ZU-





[NO-!=.`W/L7GX:+QL9:*&(V#-)?U


M6H#^]OQ8!(7E4N2BZCUW!VJN:M660WH6`5$=4Q$O1:5E[\/])#;SJBVI&

O78FGHL'K2%'G(]]W/DYB!S


9PK)
M-BT)[*.

M#)WTGBRFQ86S6@ZE6V/BJ3HV!
_]:Z2`P:0HUWF


)


LUJ:IQ`QPK`K







ZW2








42G4WV.H1[68T2L]:$32<NU]


M`/6:0D-_-K/F



DW3%S94F-F8)^V#=PF-I\.NF?-G0WFF[HF




8YOZDHA&3;5[/V
YL2)=89[8!

OD;`P#;3:;

M_J6=-Z4S6FF#=9^__6=?%6J$;#7

M%






MNS_8CL\OP*X\FU3QL`:LY36`WPL4;Z].D)







I^3.R$1^P/8*





Z!6]2&I\

1X8ODUD-!3!)J_A65B


M22)





YYQ5D



M:1MMB7?PCS4.`A0D`KQW[*
7S_N&-OC@XW7D2_O==G9T!HJ


+#
%QPZ[HHJV8


M\!RZC)Z\+:
/

MT-'\NE6X]=&GE771!YV$]:
6V!AJ@]_QSF.7B:(UTX#/.;S1+-9Q@^14
F$:

:_!H?Y3L$(:_IY8(
MQ
HTF%1+1[I


O&B7




36ZF
Y$.Q:*#5P6EB.ZP$G^Q^Q
]$
MD7VVJS49L(WGB\4N


-@V%F4AK@(4D




'Y*`RZB

M

MUN2/!G=W5[^A-%FM5`-^+_PB.0


MRCN!\5K1\61__V*3C^?8NV89:/6+.A!3J0WXKN;)9%;$#A&*$JF&I9)R#&9X
MHF;N(UDL;0R.A\/.%'35!F@ISL3ND;(8\3_CP?1^+CZ5$7A=5+#?GFH8M0
MBW%R2_3_((!41&:SD=TL6HT@+Q(D$7





NIO_1DVR']X@_;
M2W9CU\
Q#$*2_3ONZW)/KSBI3!!K7E.:@XMU@8[+QM9P'N.02:2SEEPFR@A%

/&\__2HSV0]MQ5_:/1R]PV!H;;)Q2^[H&










M8=#6B!&+?/H:\EYV



=VT4:R$3^=F)&NGS$D66[%EF?1MJ/%

)_5WBZDF*%DQ8R6%%0MT90HA
MU6.]BJIJ7&0NB=5

M*[I0T5K






MLMIR76`(8VU(8\L?CFASY

M&2T



M652EP:&K404:(Y&(RC0(AITL90!\Y+-EM&A;A#]G3PXV3NN0\L4DI`S'%5
MH2G`6JF+#$#9$]\]_X37V'FG53QR7

*G$8-
MH;2E0N^)XL:

`8U7_#^Y63G'^0-W;CA:H!G






98E](`C4K]LW+OSULG]]L
M\DE7WM+]N'4WSKNSH:LNKDO^NRM6UF[^OGKHPY5K$%ZD:XG8@%?(CXI@/FP1


Y34T)MZ!@5
R9IIKNPS2E/\3
/0?'8T

T'JL7*;'NA=E8-9






@[-!5EPG0#_$2K:#]%








M$0$(=RD7U/M&*ATD=?2O?ZPQIBVNL!O=Y?ZP?;9W)WM/&[^NBR@`N@%SS
EL
M-!SD2(
@*KUC(9&/2`




*UP;F50%9;[




H\LE'^T/MFIR=:PZ30-]6P?VQ2I!PVTT
MB^OHI7S`)2
3\^R0!Z
MS@`]/P-`E\1YU`7768VL$EDR0%V(LA(8

MP8`].P]@%^.\';!S+C

=(;$?*@2=\K





M
FBXR#2S!NTG^
YD]:VS?\YO$4Z$@DXDT'Y)KJ)@13

M%V7!]=='TTETVU
*\1V'^)9#?!]!_!!#W$_:5%P+1YU#6G

DXO2RAGL.&ALW?.;-^#`#M\R?S

3(08
\)Z0\$]O\E/)
T3FFI/X0
%=E^K6NT]NU

7M'3J12W`4_7#^2D0Z0`U)TUW9][).H8P/NH.


=:9]&T'1P&6

LS
W-1


MOR!E
)E$XW`6.HE`VF





M?`3R

62?7EN!9@*U






T@+KG`K0<)@MAN-%!LVJRP=T5#R#U$@*^I/+T0;/#M9D
M)E5%5J@#8VGLYS%X:JX<Z!W#P-G@*Y+\KLD[@0!^Y4\JAVI&M!C*=9H/!]&
M
.24*IWXBNAJ8$@X8:#*J!J`2KK.96J8&L$#
I;*M=(`6Z47FNA^VEY](R




E$JE!=(



M

LQ/!1$8Q5*T3/VT-6*HT@CQA&Y'

M5F


MP:2S.)6#R98Z0H=5@^E@$N


MU]3G^;4Z@:=?IK-%
K*.I=+UTU@N2@0C+EGUL$RJ4/=IM:-(B3;:Q7L];;H
M);9WG=C[7FFOHD$'&)N9L0C,4]+)(VGD.@B=/:N31X^!!PX$KN*7=1*)4#-X
MS,WC#=1YC*702L1'-19X`_I81:+=)=RBQ6XXQ4@TGD_AVS_8/=''.'LG&]X



M1ZL[
E`KTTOF3WY.`BI@'

M-%2E5(.(G)=F.\GV=289/;B(RD9

[S1D

ES4D?SH


M)K8WZA#CV4U(#C!RJ_:L+&YSO


OOI0D-KA3?S@J1H-10IGTBBM:-HKKD%YR
M10:%B1J(-HPRBK!?;!!5!26Z]%D/`$J^EPY/$=7UG*R/G]:&7_290Z;^W
3
M^]
1^I



M2%JU5EJST4

M[

64?$HE8_2!M`RB


YIDMC


%73X^V





48';C!$FYM.3J

[6EN0'D'%D3!V*Q&S
MWCL8,-$#-9*%%:Z2Q/V:`]^20UW0WXG]I
3?N]D`7XDEK432!+HK-QY-D
M?I
7_

MK(6;







MO?D%B$7JDX]Z1ZLG0]&
8U

MF'UZI#W7Z9_@;



!%4F
M%D&0BIUC&J#JZD!!7C4$8(UK)2V&

M








M'TET/]=X482QH%!]

#8A/V;1%7[W=*KG=X9=!$!VM'5SH@
NBQ#T'42





O2UEEV-
OJ]'I*8I_FWX:SP:L@R4_6I/I)T(7P0&SN[EW6B:S0.`L
M=*D5?NR5)X1I=OGCIK`%/!FC1W`6TQQCE.GMX2S
2LTMJR&&;2FTA+
JV$(


M8E'H88N8



MH

MHQU=D2)0QE^

MHS=-P1=7!W[KUVP*0UFTD=Y`L+6P6-R717(UC_/`P0I&7L91NO#GO^
;S[^T






MGX_6N\;8FR
82F_LM;-SP@]T2800&1M^(N/1]_Z.U^%_5OG$+1#0E\,ZUJG
M2IK%C7;O\OVNE]Y^[[=Y



M.XN+16FK*&D6L7;C)Q(FB9M&K&TM4\I*'6;51)?&^619=).999;BVC[8-&[M

M38_UC2A




0+P?]K\0QG6RG*




A#!MI_])XU`V]`8`62U%#KM;A&#ZUU2TRF!*B(]F.=O

K6/ZXX`5
MW4!2M4\<_)H1?)#7J4E6.*YA!289];UCO!D[=+%6R!'<6'W[X_LQF=]%Y-'
MF`WR(WUD48Y+


.2F

]NZ&CE0%W8%A^^S#ZA&)$-CR-.)XL
V'0?K6QK




G`O(S[:&6'

M4AXL\4B2]KTY^@J)9H8T@7VYZH%=JTD6246GZ$^%O+]I2LOG1=*JJ9^D^\



3^\YOM-R$@60WIX2))VD
Q
-,VR
MA&_K82Z12M`]K-9L,2^AHU0THK)-3(D6<_'6!F+0P]=VKLUNS&K9-60I4#/


VY331TL&2YZ-IHD$&7:PY.@6^=#=\]+6R?T3Z-)F3
M;BY.W[QT8UWADXRCP?AT;CK;'EMB81=@1Q
BI

M'EV

MR86:?E2F&=LB\MR!`I]HAMH?`\0H81E$.`P(`E%IFYHPWZYF31-D&R@(K27
M&8[+,OED5QGM@WEC+)?/-&=@5]R?@QBJRYQBYYUBM1;(*
*_TU=JIT4Z-WU

M


.-AO&D<H]R7C(`2WBGSD0E$(Q-]92PD

C9HQ
MSW*

;S'P[8MVGMO3MLUZW1RI6MAQ?:*PR^X&A85OLL

($T^W
MEN^=D+OOJ[O!IPXTA'*ZXZ^A#I^#,E;/G[SO2#@:O!%F:6[X7_-CFEV/Z/
MIL+T;09IJ&F#$T:3DA+DK+68/:*5/KI_
_I-//?P9_*Y-9]4Z]4[)R0+]$[2
-BO2D;78]RZ:+^Y='W
MR4\-L[*:U[4D7F*=P`L;DTG)8F\B&T7#<R<)-I?.MKBTHW9J0Z+X/*\!N`J

M%0/!WX-#BG
I.0]\=\*WO(?



M7'R@;%



M/)_CP
.D%PYKG:Q\NBO'HYA$))1A..^-IQ44ZZ0ENDYU5:

IK'

M-!Z4#/LZ@I3Y^60O!KTYAP
9)9



C&K?R9`G7/*)TLC-V2W







ZW474T&5:




6-K0!M8C)*JF

M30=1ABGW
Y$UR&+PSK7!=*J%QZD51F;T9_P=K0+]FYO1F^5D+3T'_//_7)T*
M


MXK
%!C#_X\4F+Z^Q*





F50]1



'DFKY\F'
M-560X*BCW;.S/=N.^2C[/-Y[

VG#W%
ZC+6B
MU;YY
8'SYL5.7L[2XW
9/6Z/M!ITD25_!OZK`G0?-%CZC





^Y%6N=F
2*]S*F4DU\?6::C&01I7'87L
M/



5CJ]O.G



MB)(H.
BDB(+FHR&:G<R/
M@O!KRE_B4R#5$T.2'/

MY/?SJ.X9:EH_QYY;!)XFGMAC?OJ.0I;`7OO2QKN!S3M(Q3W/Y$O`D#?R\\

MH=4KW9U[G=%NCAT7&`[APL)I[RO*L+Q:FX

E8=Q;IK
MJ?JJ

M2J\3D*7OG[8V=Q_?X62

M@P@NYF?8=R\IDRRJW3\^;*9KAV5T-;/CO/D%3P931OC/]=^T;*WM/-/KZ!

^O9[S%+ZB:\F#_61']ENZ&5C:^M_?XRJ

MW4)_






M1K'9(CT_'\5V_`CE%/O3T6HU]GNGU8H/=/:T^O5P4#W546SR7`FT8`=XH\3(
MZCLQ99K]9%
=7;S]LT]U=(K$?YVIC@JNZZWO*/LLVCJ
;%DX44SFGE--S=G&


JHVW/M+37BPE::



MSGXZUHHHN/+)P.#@^1RS3




=.Y%=^1006RK):)1%F9Z$\N55=?*M%6*[75;FZKLJX4%IZY
M/A3@)&U(8S7;CX'CXB!XQJ^L))H`H[P'=4HJU($?EQH-LY@C%^S$,E#L4]

MA\EB5R^Q;25&H*:3?0PQWJOWBKEN*D*N%+,E#I*U[XQ0)T6X3G0CN=TG=T
MX*9


M\1I8J1P]@F`LQ5&5;S0CZL9Q;9?.HS]Z@4-G]N#(JGY5#\(J]0$?()LN1B5(

M8'I.C!*40U^





MK.!_AQFN`:[U

MXE1*M1G*D9`+F=*03\V5L\^0RGTX8-^F&QKOOXM'W_8^OY].ZCX/K'P?'9

ULA7P



RA;


0[
M`0N^XN2]5P;=Q4')FH?UY*LE^L'?O-I_-9-ELO8N&NY_
4XFQ=AFW5.._;


1QCT[)'NAG

NW`ETI.IW
P
MV#







M[-943;ML^S.=


MYPXMX

#?A:$=MX.60(W2)'MQ$RU


!RF*CT@A&X^)L3OCWA

^A/

`MM0T.-

.P38GB3()^,/Z@(`:QV\_#4;3$KCGTG1M5NV
MJSWC,@#8(5I[0?A_T'`X^[08#)$1!7C]Y[++3<&(;EPJP1(ZAT=^/CJ^GCM

MVS

MQ-F:DJK_P;DB^DN1)J)?_R_]I+F@R?R#`OBFK8$GFR;#:#SU%3VKQ5-+92-L
M.+1\
*L9KG=F]_3+T\`MV*:EQPKPP_8Z)U]R3T+%0^I[&%R+8-W;LPGT?'
MO$]7!Q

MES;&_O&Z^FH'';F&;






MGC


M9YY

O-64-P
BMM!%Q\HWQ+;SQG5-=$ZLN[9








M''1AY_6-9'O+=^S;KSB^W9DDAFN2+C[AX


M^?LQFO5.1X;:4IS*9;J@B_B
BR*@#/FT)16U&E9Y1I#:7-Z4G15?B&7QW+
M:OUZ!W:NBVT=HO
P!`W4

MA;=FD_E4`EEH/R&@TEV
/WB)3%IM8D-;H1E3@-='GRUC:[W87A)T)+']N,%
MI7H_;*LT;Q);`BFZ6:):-?!](O.X-GX5*]`:6)7$8!`%2/)%;KB`XN%7$8_

M%D(5
O1S7;EBX

ME2[03'%BW`



M
C`Q
S`V
M

M)OH^$?L_U/%$G)B).&6[RMU[MQW=

M7.`#Y

MI%?T;HE912_`^SX;U

#GN:G'XX-O_NW__8N
M;?S+6P0K'5Y_.C;_\




U^0-I^(/0F#^TI7R)


FOK\CFF._)3L(M
M(EG.VDXW*87#@+2WU3'G/$6Q-!U?/TPS/'0B!P;&Q!$



[/7[H

7B%$U4M
M(=UN'120W@#1EATAUI(HG=@ENYV##EB-Y9ZN^%\WT

AAT?!


YZ7V*/T+['F
CEAC:^0$2]4[&!/-G

M)[STGE72

MX5LBV:46H55X`XC(!@-PYT#TU?$3

M8.JG[(?O;+:2P;X37FNFZ?F[+C'+I'E+\$
.[G-.!-W#
&Y;\0QQ\64'+!
M/9/3N\5A`=F.Q)W)-/`N%N






MVW4.1]/\&A%)/61_![Z'Q5D2[ZQYL0N.KY$C_%.






LZK]Z&N?J
MFEU.`&NGWUARWF'!H'L=*


MKVD(U
(YT%Y=W

V:0;`O%:MYP!Q7L
!=L.)+GKFF
MOR7SZZPU0DG`1&R*O/ZI#Q+B*H?(9N6UF)@/O])GSYP0/P!_)=R`_OTUHW


KAT=H;?/^J$V_(WL[U;?KCSXBX'/(HG_NGAJZ1TGT%9$(:LBI_KTG
EYL0L5=!M55?MV29Q^Z=W[HG-Z']6WZHFL)-L2NX`3Q
M9V?'W-*GS?JB[FOH)S1<FGXT]L([;=<7?;\W__/('P-GH`3A0'P[J
H.9
8







U_G$6V+
*()YKX$+L$KB'PWM]@20?_
MFCY(RVKBD((`!MPP)[G],DF,X8-A-#;A/CJ2L@0N@^$FL\@%J.^MHLA'I(=
M3?_JX06!R.
]L@[PSS[(0F/+93P7*
1+!=]/OI
:ZO^50%J\FLVOGN$-8T
?

M%I




K`__

MP




D=)^\%45J9]4
M5(7A+[(1%6HP#-!#74$8UM




:6:MACYY2Y&J\D8!7*W



N@M[[M$*B^@7X2






HL2/:'G^A
MMLVK%L%V@1C#7U&-!J**._U$]K7]K8$4.(U.,]L?(,BAQ7#,M4K,,8I87BF8
M:JS-:HDY+#V1:BW$[=)RC``A;::^LW(XW9BNU1[)CF7S(`^B9!Q4^T!SO1%







M%SV(CQ4Z#[-7!YUF.I'L;`;3\R)/#%S/&HZ
7F


=_




B3#&9*7(
M3V*`@?!';!G-+++B4D,,$3^
M5`X+]@C#X'!`)9EO*
B=





M.M19[##;FZ:^QLPK\GDD1C#.(?%)S*G7.[I]`\B%$=.#V]S/3*ZL?7Y0B:PV









NK
Y6QH0:=E#N-/
AK-


MW+S@M
EZ0!-[L:V68OG2L!1]9VQ_'F5=:[


^D$


M

7YWZ^_8ZGO




IL;H9T^H_L[\+V[$!$WS361
?++2VHFCKX:U-,BO8RFPD=RV+[;`DR^!#K8X0+$&!=S=1*MX.!CB
MI]0+R$#GB-B?:=L[A+Y27
2TM=G#QA-KR(W?6&6YA#K:RY'?5%9
LR*&K%%
M$UZ/`7'`%17Y?4QFOTUKU*?F3_@'
UT5L[D)VO.:T60=XXL0Q1C%TMT?\74/





MZT
Z*L
%Q&^KB1+B)TU#V




M8I'GMA:P4=F+_-!V6\O4M#(H\-WPMI:C:0590P2(K75GE`0'X:A'M1HS=J&F
M]




1PY5HUV15X%Z(')XI76P1`\2P@
I&5L4P=XTU&I8F6

8ELM]8';2
M2
ONN$M0`&.
($;@#KZ1G\C!2M


M1#'\PTF3`1R#


M(-K%&5#U^[R^K1%O10G(SWC-'/
]L%P7K.;&C@&)55013)E\VVJ$:(
68VVK





MREB'#6@\LKM5`$G6`66UUU
[CC*+O#]'IT%1-MGM''3`RXOKR
#_HLC!%_`4
MA^ZW.:6?U


8#K

-AZ#;6%3&8_VQKEW!9#






N)
1





V&98$


/@

M

M=%SR^!H'^&J
ETX
9G&:=O0V\%AL28PP%`X?G3=2WC0_;Z^=/?[+V0VF-
10


O=



%.)U$33/+;J4#
3EMZ
NOY6&C3E6QUR0O`9]@-::O/7@1Y338-6W.'JM\93*^(6LIIFZ'B
MN1[:99BV`:US!T:!R5\N$9-&=VJ!S\\7A$\WQNI/;)4&6`^ZZDSB5G[$JH9

T#J=F&?C[O

KD4(S'?O9ROFP8'9W':VJ5ZT'I
MZAPFNU3EEC=PV-OJ'09HO+/1I)%.WM(2MD026O^[
--FB60%2_*:'T9(:/Z
MZ+X/

J(U=H\Y;P4*W4M35%\W&%8-WC:XE.'_'P=[IXQE!XWB%6P


=7\[PZZE+^@%H.=P7`M.T1=BK0]`$!WFRIN\

P48H39V3Q?W?K@)U_U
M&'W5Q3.D*X`/MV!S!]]HODK6Z:
XR!\CY/'=/*83A[3R6,Z)^$R/D[^51E




).I1I0%P2Z?0?PKGF5+DE`_XE40.^29[M


M'52_BCFMI]`RG:%E;-W:5@^5B%6CY%*HE?UM]4N)8B.B1=KJE)+%2#THT2X?



$$PO:%MCW_H`D,IU_65H&J`[04K6P/CU+*T


M@D^TPQWP2%:R_(\TUM?`
7B[7@.7N$@JE%R'00R#A`0F[3&9O)1
$@.8..;K


](;UB2*ZV*&H2(TC['R.?-^3Z*8


M?






$0AT;
MS4

=
IP.)NA_`AN:!Y(G@%7;&*&RO$7_3X)@Y$&WG'^C

#0DD6VM3DY@@GL
M\T.M3!GW12&OAPD.O@0('].;@)3'P[1E-Q1KW;!:]ZOE?WEB:/GX#R8P/+^X
M3\VW1[
N=VE(#S
(LV*MI:`V
.Q


\G[=FS-+P
`@ECM35!L#`()*JX5?+?
M


S;'Q0RX?NKN?]PD)8V27#Z




6H9
M1

M$)4)B

*7J$`=PENX5SH*3?)*Q+6;3W
M@#GC/Q2'&3`?-X'=UAH('GOF@LL0\T;'[#!.GA-Q]HT/RN\*QZ/G!II&%S


MT2X-NYL




MY.;\!;9@)RVT/3KH&R`R



MG?SFS[V.=]6JK\13&O(63Y]X:/,[6/$-5E[I\\0(NN!)%7AZ)))E?2BY[^
MWU?

2UVCK!G!I6(G(BX9O:PQ2G
MMIVO5#2Z#U+Z:YVKQH@QC.7;'I=0`0MO;B4!S;+XYT#$750S+NNDN_RI$\

LG




M6*`9MZC`DWYXZF
\'K$+K(T!JOL^A*\`I3_!'93;?YJF'#V&7_;[OC$\G5)?



MXS9[B/8H1S


M


DE
5Y@01PE_%5M&MUQ`HADVJOY?M
M@S29/R6[G8
.68'.%)J9&V/9*3Z8


XT1

MBNP(



<W?0FL]9
M*')_V7:''7U_




MX+Z-B&VUW5
)'ZS45K[]E3^Z--N6*[2SPZ\NO$[%^<,NN?A$R<+
M9]^R;6EDL0$[+9;
(T&Z?'+S8%-DIKG'28_.&]PEN]K0S?HV1JB$03.5E38F


M


MU0]`N[([


-Z_(:M@_;LFUW(96_&M0L_/1


MA[?L1Y

:2].


=LC%^GQMQD
M;\Z_

27O@0L<GI;UOX`OT\(@SSX
I=??!.D0[.KN9Z+V4(/S-R7L&

M*.T9MK-=F`0QUK+H;FOBH+[3$/@@:^0&N#ZF1W*1B8Q@Y&:GLGJ#Q'+2R.1]
M4$]O^7QO6GNM;LQ!)YQ0P.CL;+'=]26_?KA[WO;7$N)PB5S#E_`.XIZ:-H@4


M

-ML

&V_;1LG3

MW\BO3+Q1KR3.;PEB&BX28%\0UAYC(C&#27E*#GU*M-X@T]!V0$8ADFU@

M?.^4GP*AM.+C&$T(%G^]*R/YQ$RU9OO]))+6`&.3T
;35T\
ZQ
DRG9XCM
MZZG^S




M9H[3$J#).[8EWF+R1`OT'H9T:TZ[9^!/J^[DJ_ED



&XQ^S=U3%;;3

8./

MK

K\%_`8QC$

M$GD#`)FC8EU17E./KO0]4V8!V:NF^QH-)27)_M!8$O2U[^`^P`S`\@3Z)//
MG&:WKS=N4D/29Q#/UROGC2$U=CWK,,1J`2XQQ:5GYE=@'2+`ADWK%&/J/[Q


[692G\O:5_^:7$&DFN(&Q

31
MWX'OW6&9S?'!8!2P



HWW
5A=7Z]E[%J.M]MM69I


@R8FVX)7D_<6<`^]S$G/F9S?60DOZ1#(%FTU$

58

8V/]2*3W8'6
MLEA)KLK)PB@*V@59%K\Z?G+
`_./Q/'A^D`RYZ=T^0P$=Z!()JY,7S!/-P'
M7QW,3A+-?#]\=0*\-?-&QVY&7F$?R;D+T4V8/,?KQ#_2PPW*$.AH)@,A103


B

@\/R&7#E^.17PKS5];62J]\^#IOZZV#-J1(&DEMAG]/DL4'S,KT
M:F,-C^OBH%!BM-1]@+SQS.Y78?'4T-XMF!GLWS5BDY\V[A@Y^'Q58B.+$^+
M^CA#YK;.6Z

ME5`8X(4)'9_T

P$HAOC+;,B)'U&B#DV;L*F7EM?N-&:C5)^,3YI0%RUT
M$3D_(I642P=+X!42&OZW`*D*HYC):[O#VWX+@@B^@%1!3,D26RCW0T5'Z<G
M:.KP%ESZ#9V&8/@78Z2IEPE.[AR(B%\-/&(A-$D+=




`&1BR!5F!B\2@]C*
/9'HOPAX5/=*O`N_U7
M`O?%==GT/86[FWF#ZP+X0N)V!.\;3@=3;X@=Y&XQKC?@!?@A138+P^1*(]
MS7!$';\8YQ`K]


.0T[@*]2Q;^

M+?^/+2?YDRYL'!\5I',XW/D!_*L*KI+8JQ4/L(`[I+=PCE04`OW06.&['7


=]WT[HCF^`?=_D6VRVS79M*^%`/R
MXW7*T:GIJ@4S34

\$%T^^;Z3[`[_M1F[U
M)
Z8.96(&H-6]$^D^;O?`'R5X9N&3*NR]03Z:Z:8IN58DLO73X4LFD6-_#.;
MGTX?BY$O.YAF7KC*F\QGD!E(
P\
M5UJ%0F.8?:L^!7`S38&W@Q?-LX&?$Y(



Y.83HK!A
MF\J-
;`

UW;)*FUOEWF4E4#PU7U7F;O:
2?4?['8=

`;TD=TIK:FYM_S%1/RWG4QA5N+B



X[S0^1KVZYWJ:`ENI;Z

)KR7\:!SNEBUH?7^#5J7ZQ/NH'`]C+I0!_[
M)BL.=Q(=%08$:V)(RZC

5=&4^0XMV!S&



-.$9\1


M!U
.`

0/<!M#\3H`'6SAYSM$1]=;A,QG<3VG,']'T1=:D.V)R;N_&MIUIUL
M3W*L[WNTMQ?UEQAY.;/ISTIVN#?X
7G`9)D6\U!PC+?

\XQ&YM0OO+9
M&ZRDY^U






MA_)L)]VHQM&IMB27R(@FV:$W]MP3J$M\59RUZCLAU88TG!NG

.MAC)K
+%@YY'-N\-\_H3*:




.G^(?_;?;`.T2Z-CS)Y87
I

.!X$C``#RDP$`

M
C`Q
S`V



M\_?OWS?%VUSJ*&C
5TGR6`:.\S$
M\D7]NAF_S*6V@)@A7V\G#YAU.O?OF\G+XF*P(L[A:]LGFKQ%V0M)UF9.L1B\
M*+;&'JU%L0B^*99QO'L6A





MZ8]C-2D`?P4H9R;@[_9P








A'M._Q)6N/K%ND.NN-/7W[SMZI@;Y2)R^K@:%+UEVN7'_-V7S
MP-=PY%)/\_/64J@@@!0IZUZ/^L

M0AS-A`Z#O
'WC!YV'W%
<L2O00MTOC/)`BQX::A6<D:*E:L[D
MC9/$.@'N$+1/A`

Q
M11)[(*JAY,F+Q(N7AE.U-790HA:T!E=1$DE_&\\F_'DK#1OWF<T8
%O3KAP

MJ8^&J$_3;/:\



R9.0ANNQ!*5

M=9'




MP2NX4TQ72`&K%+-4PKI]@YB!N2+

)IG]QUZAT/?PDF3

;CT








(30J:2!%+F2;9]H?LO!$@RQT

MJCEG\PGZN;XE'6&@2*T`7`I5*ON=PW;?H%F]=2AWAHQ:1(&K%(LLJ.]-$/)8




BO$76=V1JO7DHZN.*^S8#Q

M@MXVL[

M?BG.Z4E^Y)+E'2&9)XFTX=AWXMC!CN!3FE*P3SYVX0G9]_^W$XC_W%$\GFE&



M.B%::6_T$%04_$2HZYXTGV_.MV$LD7$0*
AX)U/S@^3;I7?
+9EE2%N0Y3YJ

Q+SBE=



MF^

4T;1#LA(J





U=`?P


^IOKW$
MX32&:T(
8


M$4M

M\08R!8YB



MBPN1H



M@7?H9P(=5(V552#&BI(@1+CD
[G!*BY[6;M%R:;&





1KIV^0-/IOPO&-X[CSA9%UV%JOL#DL_

M]D[$QO.6CFP=
)[GK461KCBH(-\B[^Q+_PS$4+:*
2S/V0J3UQ=/UMIS!S



MPOL7






'D!:(8[&5%N.;K3:
.QD$YCGX&5$CWF





M\C#R;\87YE(.HF_C/%?9X5$Y@GG=CUD=_TRE571D*WS;L)]F!M?;7NGK
]V?

M#$]I=S-J/^T#9%LRP_E%MIZP$IH^89Z)^SNW@L+/PFCW4'''%(-GSPY5*D









M$_GY3OH%R)Z6\OK@2$@:U`OA['P[@1QQKP^63\2598\QFQP1!73)]
88=]`F
MWNVPO'RZ^D.DJV2$%AG*R@Z\3+8Y!/YT1!M--_C,:ACXQS%Q
OO*L_+;;5X-5#2/E\5
M.B*3=?=,_3CZE?^0KC:+C[8^K'Y(.R0*8_27<_3M\#M.N_TZ9RB;3W=QV9@'
M23F=_C!DDAN







M
C`Q
S`V



!`!4`&````````0```*2!9[(!

M
C`Q
S`V


L]*%B3P``,WU`P`5`!@```````$```D@6;1
M`0!J8G-S+3(P
3


M
C`Q
S`V



`````
`
end












&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 18 &amp;#x2014;
 SUPPLEMENTARY QUARTERLY DATA (Unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following unaudited
 quarterly consolidated financial data are presented for fiscal 2013
 and fiscal 2012. Quarterly financial results necessarily rely on
 estimates and caution is required in drawing specific conclusions
 from quarterly consolidated results.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;177
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;215
619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;163
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;177
393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;30
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;29
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income from
 operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
869&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
583&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic earnings per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted earnings per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&amp;#xA0;(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;156
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;223
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;153
760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;166
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income from
 operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic earnings per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted earnings per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2012 contained a $900 increase in cost of sales due to a
 change in the estimate of on-hand quantities of bulk-stored inshell
 pecan and walnut inventories.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
The entire disclosure for the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements.  The disclosure may include a tabular presentation of financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year
 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 270
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6372559&amp;loc=d3e765-108305
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 270
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6372559&amp;loc=d3e725-108305
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 270
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)-(j)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=25249566&amp;loc=d3e1280-108306
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section G
 -Subsection 1
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-K (SK)
 -Number 229
 -Section 302
 -Paragraph a













    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


Outstanding beginning balance
 Shares

500


Granted
 Shares

000


Exercised
 Shares

375)


Forfeited
 Shares
        


Outstanding ending balance
 Shares

250


Exercisable
 Shares

625


Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        


Exercisable
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        


Outstanding beginning Balance
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        


Granted
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        


Exercised
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        


Forfeited
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        


Outstanding Ending Balance
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        


Exercisable Balance
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
        


Outstanding
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value
        


Exercisable
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 9 &amp;#x2014;
 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;At our annual meeting of
 stockholders on October&amp;#xA0;30
 2008
 our stockholders approved a
 new equity incentive plan (the&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;2008 Equity Incentive
 Plan&amp;#x201D;) pursuant to which awards of options and stock-based
 awards may be made to members of the Board of Directors
 employees
 and other individuals providing services to the Company. A total of
 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock are authorized for grants of
 awards under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
 which may be in the
 form of options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 stock
 appreciation rights (&amp;#x201C;SARs&amp;#x201D;)
 Common Stock or dividends
 and dividend equivalents. As of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 there were
 664
915 shares of Common Stock that remained authorized for future
 grants of awards
 subject to the limitations set below. A maximum
 of 500
000 of the 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock authorized under
 the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan may be used for grants of Common
 Stock
 restricted stock and restricted stock units. Additionally
 awards of options or SARs are limited to 100
000 shares annually to
 any single individual
 and awards of Common Stock
 restricted stock
 or restricted stock units are limited to 50
000 shares annually to
 any single individual. All restricted stock units granted under the
 2008 Equity Incentive Plan have vesting periods of three years for
 awards to employees and one year for awards to non-employee members
 of the Board of Directors. Recipients of restricted stock unit
 awards have the option to defer receipt of vested shares until a
 specified later date
 typically soon after separation from the
 Company. The exercise price of stock options was determined as set
 forth in the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan by the Compensation
 Committee of our Board of Directors
 and must be at least the fair
 market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as
 set forth in the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
 options expire upon
 termination of employment or directorship
 as applicable. The
 options granted under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan are
 exercisable 25% annually commencing on the first anniversary date
 of grant and become fully exercisable on the fourth anniversary
 date of grant. Options generally will expire no later than ten
 years after the date on which they are granted. We issue new shares
 of Common Stock upon exercise of stock options.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The 2008 Equity Incentive
 Plan replaced a stock option plan approved at our annual meeting of
 stockholders on October&amp;#xA0;28
 1998 (the&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;1998 Equity
 Incentive Plan&amp;#x201D;) pursuant to which awards of options and
 stock-based awards could be made. There were 700
000 shares of
 Common Stock authorized for issuance to certain key employees and
 &amp;#x201C;outside directors&amp;#x201D; (i.e.
 directors who are not
 employees of the Company). The exercise price of the options was
 determined as set forth in the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan by the
 Board of Directors and was at least the fair market value of the
 Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as set forth in the 1998
 Equity Incentive Plan
 options expire upon termination of
 employment or directorship
 as applicable. The options granted
 under the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan are exercisable 25% annually
 commencing on the first anniversary date of grant and become fully
 exercisable on the fourth anniversary date of grant. Options
 generally will expire no later than ten years after the date on
 which they are granted. We issue new shares of Common Stock upon
 exercise of stock options issued pursuant to the 1998 Equity
 Incentive Plan. Through fiscal 2007
 all of the options granted
 except those granted to outside directors
 were intended to qualify
 as incentive stock options within the meaning of Section&amp;#xA0;422
 of the Internal Revenue Code. Effective fiscal 2008
 all option
 grants are non-qualified awards. The 1998 Equity Incentive Plan
 terminated on September&amp;#xA0;1
 2008. However
 all outstanding
 options issued pursuant to the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan will
 continue to be governed by the terms of the 1998 Equity Incentive
 Plan and their respective award agreements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We determine the fair value
 of stock option awards using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
 model. The following weighted-average assumptions were used to
 determine the fair value of options granted for the last three
 fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Risk-free interest
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected dividend
 yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected
 volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;42.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;43.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected life
 (years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The expected term of the
 awards was determined using the &amp;#x201C;simplified method&amp;#x201D; as
 stated in SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No.&amp;#xA0;107 that utilizes
 the following formula: ((vesting term + original contract term)/2).
 Expected stock volatility was determined based on historical
 volatility for the 6.25 year-period preceding the measurement date.
 The risk-free rate was based on the yield curve in effect at the
 time the options were granted
 using U.S. treasury constant
 maturities over the expected life of the option. Expected
 forfeitures were determined based upon our expectations and past
 experiences. Expected dividend yield was based on our dividend
 policy at the time the options were granted.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following is a summary
 of stock option activity for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Remaining&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;205
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(92
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;115
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercisable at
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;112
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The number of stock options
 vested
 and expected to vest in the future
 as of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 is not significantly different from the number of stock
 options outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 as stated above. All
 options granted during fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012
 and fiscal 2011
 were at exercise prices equal to the market price of Common Stock
 at the grant date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 summarizes the weighted-average grant-date fair value of option
 awards granted
 the total intrinsic value of all options exercised
 and the total cash received from the exercise of options for the
 last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average grant date
 fair value of options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total intrinsic value of
 options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;535&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total cash received from
 exercise of options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following is a summary
 of non-vested stock options for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 27pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Grant-Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-vested at
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-vested at June
 27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercise prices for options
 outstanding as of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 ranged from $7.95 to $32.30
 and may be segregated into two ranges
 as shown below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Option Price Per Share
 Range&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;$7.95&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;$11.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;$14.73&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;$32.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Number of
 options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;58
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average exercise
 price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average remaining
 life in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Number of options
 exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average exercise
 price for exercisable options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Restricted stock units
 granted to employees and outside directors vest over a three-year
 and one-year period
 respectively. The fair value of restricted
 stock awards is determined based on the market price of our Common
 Stock on the date of grant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following is a summary
 of restricted stock unit activity for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 76pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted
 Stock Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Grant-Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0; Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at June
 28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;220
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66
294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(64
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at June
 27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;215
294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;At June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 there
 were 37
500 restricted stock units outstanding that were vested but
 deferred. At June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012 there were 34
000 restricted stock
 units outstanding that were vested but deferred. The non-vested
 restricted stock units at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 will vest over a
 weighted-average period of 1.2 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In the first quarter of
 fiscal 2011 we granted 10
000 SARs to a marketing consultant which
 vested over a three year period and have a ten year term. In the
 third quarter of fiscal 2013 the consultant exercised 7
500 of the
 SARs and the Compensation Committee accelerated the vesting of the
 remaining awards. At June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 the remaining liability for
 the SAR&amp;#x2019;s is insignificant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Under the fair value
 recognition provisions of ASC Topic 718
 stock-based compensation
 is measured at the grant-date based on the fair value of the award
 and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.
 The following table summarizes compensation cost charged to
 earnings for all equity compensation plans and the total income tax
 benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Compensation cost charged
 to earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income tax benefit
 recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;At June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 there was $994 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to
 non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under our
 stock-based compensation plans. We expect to recognize that cost
 over a weighted-average period of 1.2 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 50
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6406099&amp;loc=d3e25284-112666
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 40
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6418621&amp;loc=d3e17540-113929
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5444-113901
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 14











In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified








Indicate the multiemployer plan's certified zone status as currently required by the Pension Protection Act of 2006 or a subsequent amendment thereof. The zone status categories are red (critical status)
 orange (seriously endangered)
 yellow (endangered)
 and green (none of the above). The acceptable values are red
 orange
 yellow
 green
 other
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 80
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14450570&amp;loc=SL14450657-114947
Multiemployer plans
 certified zone status
Date of the multiemployer plan's year end to which the certified zone status relates
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 80
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14450570&amp;loc=SL14450657-114947











In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified


A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 4
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28368275&amp;loc=d3e5074-111524
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Allowances for accounts receivable
 current

Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph k
 -Subparagraph 1
 -Article 4
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Current maturities of long-term debt
 related party debt
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39622-107864
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39603-107864
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph k
 -Subparagraph 1
 -Article 4
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Accounts payable
 related party payables
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph k
 -Subparagraph 1
 -Article 4
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.23)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 23
 -Article 5
Related party debt
 Non-current
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 par value
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Treasury stock
 shares


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 par value
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 shares authorized
Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 shares issued
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 shares outstanding


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 par value
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 shares authorized
Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 shares issued












    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Depreciation expense for
 the last three fiscal years is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0; 2013
 
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0; 2012
 
 
 
June&#xA0;30
&#xA0; 2011
 



Depreciation
 expense

 
 
13
648
 
 
 
14
062
 
 
 
14
901
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


Estimated Useful Lives of Property
 Plant and Equipment
        
Cost is depreciated using
 the straight-line method over the following estimated useful
 lives:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

Machinery and
 equipment

 
 
 
 



Furniture and leasehold
 improvements

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



Computers and
 software

 
 
 
 


 


        
        
The amortization of
 deferred financing costs
 which is classified in interest expense
 in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
 was as
 follows for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Amortization of deferred
 financing costs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
The net rental expense from
 the office building is included in the caption &#x201C;Rental and
 miscellaneous expense
 net&#x201D;. Gross rental income and Rental
 (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal years are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Gross rental
 income

 
 
1
671
 
 
 
1
426
 
 
 
1
458
 

 

Rental (expense)
 net

 
 
(1
495
 
 
 
(1
450
 
 
 
(1
412
 


 


        
        
Expected future gross
 rental income under operating leases within the office building is
 as follows for the fiscal years ending:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 



June&#xA0;26
 2014

 
 
1
848
 

 

June 25
 2015

 
 
1
860
 



June 30
 2016

 
 
1
873
 

 

June 29
 2017

 
 
1
718
 



June 28
 2018

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
2
660
 


 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
10
534
 


 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
Amortization of
 introductory funds
 which is recorded as a reduction in net sales
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Amortization of
 introductory funds

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 


 


Marketing and Advertising Expenses
 Recorded in Selling Expenses
        
The majority of marketing
 costs and substantially all advertising costs are incurred to
 promote and support branded products in the consumer distribution
 channel. These costs are expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling
 expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Marketing and advertising
 expense

 
 
10
928
 
 
 
8
946
 
 
 
7
864
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
Shipping and handling costs
 for the last three fiscal years were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Shipping and handling
 costs

 
 
15
801
 
 
 
15
757
 
 
 
17
937
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
Research and development
 expense represents the cost of our research and development
 personnel and their related expenses and are charged to selling
 expenses as incurred. Research and development expense for the last
 three fiscal years were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Research and development
 expense

 
 
1
233
 
 
 
1
062
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
The following table
 presents the reconciliation of the weighted average shares
 outstanding used in computing basic and diluted earnings per
 share:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year
 Ended
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
Year
 Ended
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
Year
 Ended
June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &#x2014; basic

 
 
10
863
064
 
 
 
10
726
004
 
 
 
10
671
780
 

 

Effect of dilutive
 securities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Stock options and
 restricted stock units

 
 
129
933
 
 
 
102
508
 
 
 
98
579
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &#x2014; diluted

 
 
10
992
997
 
 
 
10
828
512
 
 
 
10
770
359
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
The following table
 presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock options excluded from the
 computation of diluted earnings per share:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0; 2013
 
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0; 2012
 
 
 
June&#xA0;30
&#xA0; 2011
 



Weighted average number of
 anti-dilutive shares:

 
 
41
375
 
 
 
107
125
 
 
 
125
375
 

 

Weighted average exercise
 price:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 recorded in selling expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by antidilutive securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 14 &#x2014;
 TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
In addition to the related
 party transactions described in Note 5
 we also entered into
 transactions with the related party described below:
We purchase materials from
 a company that is effectively owned by two members of our Board of
 Directors who are also executive officers
 and individuals directly
 related to them. Purchases from this related party aggregated to
 the following for the years ending:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Purchases from related
 party

 
 
10
723
 
 
 
11
474
 
 
 
11
187
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


Accounts payable to this
 related entity aggregated to the following for the fiscal years
 ending:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 



June&#xA0;27
 2013

 
 
 
 

 

June&#xA0;28
 2012

 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Significant Accounting Policies - Estimated Useful Lives of Property
 Plant and Equipment (Detail)

        

      







          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        



          

        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment estimated useful life
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


Granted
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Beginning balance
 shares

875
        
        


Granted
 shares

000
        
        


Vested
 shares

875)
        
        


Forfeited
 shares
        
        
        


Ending balance
 shares

625
        
        


Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Beginning Balance
        
        
        


Granted
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        
        
        


Vested
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        
        
        


Forfeited
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        
        
        


Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
 Ending Balance
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18726-107790
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 45
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6408196&amp;loc=d3e61069-111654
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Handling Costs
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6514758
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 45
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915142&amp;loc=d3e60635-111653
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 45
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6408413&amp;loc=d3e221937-122793
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Shipping Costs
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6525344











In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=34349781&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6509736
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section I
 -Subsection 7

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=34349781&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section I
 -Subsection 7
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510177
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6515339
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319













    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

925

862


        

781

522


        

706

384




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(1)
(3))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


State income taxes
 net of federal benefit
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of federal tax expense (benefit).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
The following summarizes
 net sales by distribution channel for the fiscal years
 ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Distribution
 Channel

 
June&#xA0;27

 
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 
 
 
June&#xA0;30

 
 



 

 
 
436
228
 
 
 
418
699
 
 
 
414
486
 

 

Commercial
 Ingredients

 
 
177
774
 
 
 
176
611
 
 
 
160
817
 



Contract
 Packaging

 
 
85
940
 
 
 
70
388
 
 
 
64
025
 

 

 

 
 
34
392
 
 
 
34
877
 
 
 
34
884
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
734
334
 
 
 
700
575
 
 
 
674
212
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
Sales of branded products
 were approximately 30%
 29% and 31% of total consumer channel sales
 during fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively


 


        
        
The following summarizes
 sales by product type as a percentage of total gross sales. The
 information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments
 such as promotional discounts
 are not
 allocable to product types
 for the fiscal year ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Product
 Type

 
June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 
 
 
June&#xA0;30

 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Cashews &amp; Mixed
 Nuts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Allowance for Funds Used during Construction
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6504829
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 835
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450988&amp;loc=d3e26243-108391

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13854-109267
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388280&amp;loc=d3e13777-109266
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (e)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=8077374&amp;loc=d3e2420-110228
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391110&amp;loc=d3e2921-110230
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 958
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28367520&amp;loc=d3e92212-112881
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Impairment
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6515133


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 205
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6892542&amp;loc=d3e1107-107759


The cash inflow from the sale of property
 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Investing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6516133
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 12
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3179-108585
Proceeds from sale of land and building
 net

The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
Estimated fair value of long-term debt
 including current maturities
Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 7
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6876686&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 9
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 22
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879938&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910
Carrying value of long-term debt
 including current maturities
Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682






Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319





For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28364263&amp;loc=d3e13537-108611
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6404-108592
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28364263&amp;loc=d3e13531-108611
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 18
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6351-108592




For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28364263&amp;loc=d3e13537-108611
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6404-108592
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28364263&amp;loc=d3e13531-108611
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 18
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6351-108592




Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391110&amp;loc=d3e2941-110230
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 205
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6360339&amp;loc=d3e1361-107760
















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Intangible assets subject
 to amortization consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer
 relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-compete
 agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Brand names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total intangible assets
 gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;24
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Customer
 relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-compete
 agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Brand names&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
991&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total accumulated
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(16
215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(13
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net intangible
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16265-109275
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total amortization expense
 related to intangible assets
 which is classified in administrative
 expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
 was
 as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of intangible
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
973&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected amortization
 expense for the next five fiscal years is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year
 ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 26
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 25
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
710&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 29
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 28
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275











In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 205
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6892542&amp;loc=d3e1107-107759













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
The following
 weighted-average assumptions were used to determine the fair value
 of options granted for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Risk-free interest
 rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Expected dividend
 yield

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Expected
 volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Expected life
 (years)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        
The following is a summary
 of stock option activity for the year ended June&#xA0;27
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Term
 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 June&#xA0;28
 2012

 
 
205
500
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
3
000
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
(92
375
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Outstanding at
 June&#xA0;27
 2013

 
 
115
250
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 

 

Exercisable at
 June&#xA0;27
 2013

 
 
112
625
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
The following table
 summarizes the weighted-average grant-date fair value of option
 awards granted
 the total intrinsic value of all options exercised
 and the total cash received from the exercise of options for the
 last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Weighted-average grant date
 fair value of options granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Total intrinsic value of
 options exercised

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Total cash received from
 exercise of options

 
 
1
219
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        
The following is a summary
 of non-vested stock options for the year ended June&#xA0;27
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 

 
 Fair Value
 



Non-vested at
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012

 
 
1
875
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
3
000
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
(1
875
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Non-vested at June
 27
&#xA0;2013

 
 
2
625
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
Exercise prices for options
 outstanding as of June&#xA0;27
 2013 ranged from $7.95 to $32.30
 and may be segregated into two ranges
 as shown below:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Option Price Per Share
 Range
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Number of
 options

 
 
56
500
 
 
 
58
750
 

 

Weighted-average exercise
 price

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Weighted-average remaining
 life in years

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Number of options
 exercisable

 
 
56
125
 
 
 
56
500
 



Weighted-average exercise
 price for exercisable options

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        
The following is a summary
 of restricted stock unit activity for the year ended June&#xA0;27
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Restricted
 Stock Units

 
 
 
 
 

 
 Fair&#xA0; Value
 



Outstanding at June
 28
&#xA0;2012

 
 
220
500
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
66
294
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
(64
000
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(7
500
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Outstanding at June
 27
&#xA0;2013

 
 
215
294
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
The following table
 summarizes compensation cost charged to earnings for all equity
 compensation plans and the total income tax benefit recognized for
 the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28

 2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30

 2011
 



Compensation cost charged
 to earnings

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Income tax benefit
 recognized

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 weighted-average exercise price (or conversion ratio)
 aggregate intrinsic value (except for nonpublic entities)
 and weighted-average remaining contractual term of options (or share units) outstanding.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Our expense for the 401(k)
 plan was as follows for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28

 2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30

 2011
 



401(k) plan
 expense

 
 
1
171
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        
The total route pension
 liability was as follows for the last two fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 2012
 



Route pension
 liability

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories consist of the
 following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12px;margin-top:0px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1px solid #000000&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Raw material and
 supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;80
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;72
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;Work-in-process and finished
 goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;77
781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;73
522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:1px solid #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;158
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;146
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=border-top:3px double #000000&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 2
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
 -Article 5













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 4 &#x2014; REVOLVING
 CREDIT FACILITY
On February&#xA0;7
 2008
 we entered into a Credit Agreement with a bank group (the
 &#x201C;Bank Lenders&#x201D;) providing a $117
500 revolving loan
 commitment and letter of credit subfacility (the &#x201C;Credit
 Facility&#x201D;). Also on February&#xA0;7
 2008
 we entered into a
 Loan Agreement with an insurance company (the &#x201C;Mortgage
 Lender&#x201D;) providing us with two term loans
 one in the amount
 of $36
000 (&#x201C;Tranche A&#x201D;) and the other in the amount of
 $9
000 (&#x201C;Tranche B&#x201D;)
 for an aggregate amount of
 $45
000 (the &#x201C;Mortgage Facility&#x201D;).
The Credit Facility
 as
 amended
 is secured by substantially all our assets other than real
 property and fixtures. The Mortgage Facility is secured by
 mortgages on essentially all of our owned real property located in
 Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina
 (the &#x201C;Encumbered Properties&#x201D;). The encumbered Elgin
 Illinois real property includes almost all of the Old Elgin Site
 that was purchased prior to our purchase of the land in Elgin
 Illinois
 on which our Chicago area operations are now
 consolidated.
On July&#xA0;15
 2011
 we
 entered into a Second Amendment to the Credit Facility (the
 &#x201C;Second Amendment&#x201D;) which extended the maturity date of
 the Credit Facility from February&#xA0;7
 2013 to July&#xA0;15
 2016. In addition
 the Second Amendment increases the amount by
 which we may increase the revolving credit commitment available
 under the Credit Facility from $15
000 to $22
500.
On October&#xA0;31
 2011
 we entered into a Third Amendment to the Credit Facility (the
 &#x201C;Third Amendment&#x201D;). The Third Amendment permits an
 additional 5% of outstanding accounts receivable from a major
 customer to be included as eligible in the borrowing base
 calculation
 and the Third Amendment also made technical
 modifications to definitions.
On January&#xA0;22
 2013
 we entered into a Consent and Fourth Amendment to the Credit
 Facility which permitted us to sell certain intellectual property
 assets and invest in the capital stock of a company.
The portion of the
 borrowing base calculation based upon machinery and equipment will
 decrease by $1
500 per year for the first five years to coincide
 with depreciation of the machinery and equipment collateral. As of
 June&#xA0;27
 2013 and June&#xA0;28
 2012
 the weighted average
 interest rate for the Credit Facility was 2.23% and 2.36%
 respectively. The terms of the Credit Facility contain covenants
 that require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 capital
 expenditures
 acquisitions and certain sales of assets
 cash
 dividends
 redemptions of capital stock and prepayment of
 indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among other things
 is of a
 subordinate debt). If loan availability under the Borrowing Base
 Calculation falls below $25
000
 we will be required to maintain a
 specified fixed charge coverage ratio
 tested on a monthly basis.
 All cash received from customers is required to be applied against
 the Credit Facility. The Bank Lenders are entitled to require
 immediate repayment of our obligations under the Credit Facility in
 the event of default on the payments required under the Credit
 Facility
 a change in control in the ownership of the Company
 non-compliance with the financial covenants or upon the occurrence
 of certain other defaults by us under the Credit Facility
 (including a default under the Mortgage Facility). As of
 June&#xA0;27
 2013
 we were in compliance with all covenants under
 the Credit Facility and we currently expect to be in compliance
 with the financial covenant in the Credit Facility for the
 foreseeable future. As of June&#xA0;27
 2013
 we had $81
608 of
 available credit under the Credit Facility which reflects
 borrowings of $31
867 and reduced availability as a result of
 $4
025 in outstanding letters of credit. We would still be in
 compliance with all restrictive covenants under the Credit Facility
 if this entire amount were borrowed.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      














 2013

          



 2012

          



 2008

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2008

          



 2013

          



 2008

          



 2006






 2013






 2012






 2013

          



 2012

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

				01
				 2018
        
        

				01
				 2014
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

				01
				 2023
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

950
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

290
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

300
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

300
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

355

930
        

800

000

000

950

500

000
        

000
        

585

882
        

290


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

400
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used
 such as three months or six months LIBOR.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including current maturities
 which accrues interest at a set
 unchanging rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 12 &amp;#x2014; EMPLOYEE
 BENEFIT PLANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We maintain a contributory
 plan established pursuant to the provisions of section 401(k) of
 the Internal Revenue Code. The plan provides retirement benefits
 for all nonunion employees meeting minimum age and service
 requirements. We currently match 100% of the first three percent
 contributed by each employee and 50% of the next two percent
 contributed
 up to certain maximums specified in the plan. Our
 expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the last three
 fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;401(k) plan
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;554&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;During the first quarter of
 fiscal 2009
 we recorded a long-term liability of $868 for the
 withdrawal from the multiemployer plan (&amp;#x201C;Route
 pension&amp;#x201D;) for the step-van drivers that were employed for our
 store-door delivery system that was discontinued during the third
 quarter of fiscal 2008. Pursuant to terms of settlement with a
 labor union
 we are making monthly payments of $8 (including
 interest) through April 2022.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The total route pension
 liability was as follows for the last two fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Route pension
 liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;646&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Virtually all of our
 salaried employees participate in our Sanfilippo Value Added Plan
 (as amended
 the &amp;#x201C;SVA Plan&amp;#x201D;) which is a non-equity cash
 incentive plan (an economic value added-based program) administered
 by our Compensation Committee. We accrue expense related to the SVA
 Plan in the annual period that the economic performance underlying
 such performance occurs. This method of expense recognition
 properly matches the expense associated with improved economic
 performance with the period the improved performance occurs on a
 systematic and rational basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We also employ several
 union-represented employees and contribute to one multiemployer
 defined benefit pension plan and one multiemployer defined
 contribution plan under the terms of a collective bargaining
 agreement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The risks of participating
 in the multiemployer pension plan are different from
 single-employer pension plan for the following reasons:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amounts contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer
 may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating
 employers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the
 unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining
 participating employers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;If we choose to stop participating in the plan
 we may be
 required to pay the plan an amount based on the unfunded status of
 the plan
 referred to as the withdrawal liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The estimated withdrawal
 liability at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 is not significant. Contributions
 to these plans for the last three fiscal years were not
 significant. The Pension Protection Act certified zone status was
 green as of June&amp;#xA0;30
 2012 which was the date of the most
 recent annual funding notice.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
The entire disclosure for an entity's employee compensation and benefit plans
 including
 but not limited to
 postemployment and postretirement benefit plans
 defined benefit pension plans
 defined contribution plans
 non-qualified and supplemental benefit plans
 deferred compensation
 share-based compensation
 life insurance
 severance
 health care
 unemployment and other benefit plans.












    
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

 paid 3 of 5 years

 paid 3 of 5 years




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Inventories consist of the
 following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 



Raw material and
 supplies

 
 
80
925
 
 
 
72
862
 

 

Work-in-process and finished
 goods

 
 
77
781
 
 
 
73
522
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
158
706
 
 
 
146
384
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    























Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 par value





Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 par value














    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      


 2013

          











        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

662


        
        
        
        


        

806
        
        


        

175
        
        


        
        

228
        


Proceeds from sale of land and building
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Estimated fair value of long-term debt
 including current maturities

059

327
        


Carrying value of long-term debt
 including current maturities

355

930
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 7 &#x2014;
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Operating
 Leases
We lease certain equipment
 pursuant to agreements accounted for as operating leases. Rent
 expense aggregated under these operating leases was as follows for
 the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Rent expense related to
 operating leases

 
 
1
414
 
 
 
1
459
 
 
 
1
862
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


Aggregate non-cancelable
 lease commitments under these operating leases with initial or
 remaining terms greater than one year are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 



June 26
 2014

 
 
1
088
 

 

June 25
 2015

 
 
1
019
 



June 30
 2016

 
 
 
 

 

June 29
 2017

 
 
 
 



June 28
 2018

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
4
286
 


 
 

 


 

 


 
We are currently a party to
 various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business
 including the proceeding noted below. While management presently
 believes that the ultimate outcomes of these proceedings
 individually and in the aggregate
 will not materially affect our
 financial position
 results of operations or cash flows
 legal
 proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties
 and unfavorable
 outcomes could occur. Unfavorable outcomes could include
 substantial money damages in excess of any appropriate accruals
 which management has established. Were such unfavorable final
 outcomes to occur
 there exists the possibility of a material
 adverse effect on our financial position
 results of operations and
 cash flows.

 &#xA0;
Cardenas et. al. v John
 B. Sanfilippo&#xA0;&amp; Son
 Inc.
In fiscal 2010
 a class
 action wage and hour lawsuit was filed against us in the U.S.
 District Court for the Northern District of Illinois (the
 &#x201C;District Court&#x201D;) under the Illinois Minimum Wage Law
 (&#x201C;IMWL&#x201D;) and the Fair Labor Standards Act
 (&#x201C;FLSA&#x201D;). The plaintiffs claimed damages under the IMWL
 in an amount equal to all unpaid back pay alleged to be owed to the
 plaintiffs
 prejudgment interest on the back pay
 punitive damages
 attorneys&#x2019; fees and costs
 and an injunction precluding the
 Company from violating the IMWL. The plaintiffs additionally
 claimed damages under the FLSA in an amount equal to all back pay
 alleged to be owed to the plaintiffs
 prejudgment interest on the
 back pay
 liquidated damages equal to the amount of unpaid back
 wages
 and attorneys&#x2019; fees and costs. In fiscal 2011
 the
 plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint in which they alleged
 that the Company maintained and maintains a practice regarding the
 rounding of employees&#x2019; time entries which violates the IMWL
 and the FLSA.
Following mediation during
 fiscal 2011 in order to cover an expanded scope of wage and hour
 claims
 plaintiffs and facilities
 we agreed in principle to a
 $2
600 settlement (the &#x201C;Settlement Agreement&#x201D;). In the
 fourth quarter of fiscal 2011
 the Settlement Agreement was
 finalized and preliminarily approved by the District Court which
 included a provision allowing for a reverter payment if all or some
 class members do not submit claim forms. We recorded an accrual of
 $1
950 in fiscal 2011 for the class action wage and hour lawsuit
 which was our best estimate of the payout to class members who
 submitted claim forms
 net of any estimated reverter payout to the
 Company and other agreed upon payouts pursuant to the settlement
 agreement.
During the first quarter of
 fiscal 2012
 the Court issued a final approval of the Settlement
 Agreement which did not have a material impact on earnings during
 fiscal 2012. The case was closed and formally dismissed by the
 Court during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. Pursuant to the
 terms of the Settlement Agreement
 we paid $2
600 to the claims
 administrator during the first quarter of fiscal 2012 and received
 a reverter payment for unclaimed settlement funds of approximately
 $665 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 13 &amp;#x2014;
 RETIREMENT PLAN&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On August&amp;#xA0;2
 2007
 the
 committee then known as the Compensation
 Nominating and Corporate
 Governance Committee (the &amp;#x201C;Committee&amp;#x201D;) approved a
 restated Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (&amp;#x201C;SERP&amp;#x201D;)
 for certain executive officers and key employees
 retroactively
 effective as of August&amp;#xA0;25
 2005. The restated SERP
 retroactively changed the plan adopted on August&amp;#xA0;25
 2005 to
 among other things
 clarify certain actuarial provisions and
 incorporate new Internal Revenue Service requirements. The SERP is
 an unfunded
 non-qualified benefit plan that will provide eligible
 participants with monthly benefits upon retirement
 disability or
 death
 subject to certain conditions. Benefits paid to retirees are
 based on age at retirement
 years of credited service
 and average
 compensation. We use our fiscal year-end as the measurement date
 for the obligation calculation. Accounting guidance now codified in
 ASC Topic 715
 &amp;#x201C;Compensation &amp;#x2013; Retirement
 Benefits&amp;#x201D; requires the recognition of the funded status of
 the SERP on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Actuarial gains or
 losses
 prior service costs or credits and transition obligations
 that have not yet been recognized are recorded as a component of
 &amp;#x201C;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&amp;#x201D;
 (&amp;#x201C;AOCL&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents the changes in the projected benefit obligation for the
 fiscal years ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in projected
 benefit obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Actuarial (gain)
 loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Components of the actuarial
 (gain) loss portion of the change in projected benefit obligation
 are presented below for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Actuarial (Gain)
 Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in assumed pay
 increases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in discount
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Actuarial (gain)
 loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The components of the net
 periodic pension cost are as follows for the fiscal years
 ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Recognized gain
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prior service cost
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net periodic pension
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
870&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Significant assumptions
 related to our SERP include the discount rate used to calculate the
 actuarial present value of benefit obligations to be paid in the
 future and the average rate of compensation expense increase by
 SERP participants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We used the following
 assumptions to calculate the benefit obligations of our SERP as of
 the following dates:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.90%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.17%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Bonus payment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We used the following
 assumptions to calculate the net periodic costs of our SERP as
 follows for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.17%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.51%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.61%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Bonus payment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The assumed discount rate
 is based
 in part
 upon a discount rate modeling process that
 considers both high quality long-term indices and the duration of
 the SERP plan relative to the durations implicit in the broader
 indices. The discount rate is utilized principally in calculating
 the actuarial present value of our obligation and periodic expense
 pursuant to the SERP. To the extent the discount rate increases or
 decreases
 our SERP obligation is decreased or increased
 accordingly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents the benefits expected to be paid in the next ten fiscal
 years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 37pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2019 &amp;#x2014;
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents the components of AOCL that have not yet been recognized
 in net pension expense:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unrecognized net
 gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
257&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unrecognized prior service
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Tax effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net amount
 unrecognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We expect to recognize $957
 of the prior service cost offset by $68 of the net gain into net
 periodic pension expense during the fiscal year ending
 June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2235017













    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        

678




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 3 &#x2014;
 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Intangible assets subject
 to amortization consist of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 



Customer
 relationships

 
 
10
600
 
 
 
10
600
 

 

Non-compete
 agreement

 
 
5
400
 
 
 
5
400
 



 

 
 
8
090
 
 
 
8
090
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total intangible assets
 gross

 
 
24
090
 
 
 
24
090
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Less accumulated
 amortization:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Customer
 relationships

 
 
(4
689
 
 
 
(3
174
 



Non-compete
 agreement

 
 
(3
501
 
 
 
(1
981
 

 

 

 
 
(8
025
 
 
 
(7
991
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total accumulated
 amortization

 
 
(16
215
 
 
 
(13
146
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Net intangible
 assets

 
 
7
875
 
 
 
10
944
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


Customer relationships and
 the non-compete agreement relate wholly to the Orchard Valley
 Harvest (&#x201C;OVH&#x201D;) acquisition completed in fiscal 2010.
 Customer relationships are being amortized on a straight line basis
 over seven years. The non-compete agreement is being amortized
 based upon the expected pattern of cash flow annual benefit over a
 five year period. The brand name consists primarily of the
 brand name
 which we acquired in a 1995 acquisition.
 brand name became fully amortized in fiscal 2011.
 The remainder of the brand name relates to the OVH acquisition and
 is being amortized on a straight line basis over five
 years.
Total amortization expense
 related to intangible assets
 which is classified in administrative
 expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
 was
 as follows for the last three fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Amortization of intangible
 assets

 
 
3
069
 
 
 
2
973
 
 
 
2
204
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


Expected amortization
 expense for the next five fiscal years is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Fiscal year
 ending
 
 
 



June 26
 2014

 
 
2
629
 

 

June 25
 2015

 
 
2
167
 



June 30
 2016

 
 
1
710
 

 

June 29
 2017

 
 
1
369
 



June 28
 2018

 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

031
        




        
          

        
          
            

 but not paid
 as of the financial reporting date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified


Number of options outstanding
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Outstanding beginning balance
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Granted
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012166&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Exercised
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Forfeited
 Shares
Number of options outstanding
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Outstanding ending balance
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Exercisable
 Shares
Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (e)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Exercisable
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Outstanding beginning Balance
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
Granted
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
Exercised
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
Forfeited
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Outstanding Ending Balance
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Exercisable Balance
 Weighted Average Exercise Price
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Outstanding
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Exercisable
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value












    
  
      

          

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

 paid 3 of 5 years

 paid 3 of 5 years

 paid 3 of 5 years




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified



Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 5
 -Section BB
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.BB)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27011343&amp;loc=d3e100047-122729
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 6
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 5
 -Section BB
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.BB)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27011343&amp;loc=d3e100047-122729
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 6
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(1)
(3))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6386567&amp;loc=d3e3927-108312
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28358313&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765













    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

863
064

726
004

671
780


        
        
        
        


        

933

508

579


        

992
997

828
512

770
359




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents the changes in the projected benefit obligation for the
 fiscal years ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in projected
 benefit obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Actuarial (gain)
 loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Tabular disclosure of the change in the benefit obligation of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans from the beginning to the end of the period
 showing separately
 if applicable
 the effects of the following: service cost
 interest cost
 contributions by plan participants
 actuarial gains and losses
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 benefits paid
 plan amendments
 business combinations
 divestitures
 curtailments
 settlements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Components of the actuarial
 (gain) loss portion of the change in projected benefit obligation
 are presented below for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Actuarial (Gain)
 Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in assumed pay
 increases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in discount
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Actuarial (gain)
 loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The components of the net
 periodic pension cost are as follows for the fiscal years
 ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Recognized gain
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prior service cost
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net periodic pension
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
870&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Tabular disclosure of the components of net benefit costs for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans including service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (h)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We used the following
 assumptions to calculate the benefit obligations of our SERP as of
 the following dates:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.90%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.17%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Bonus payment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the benefit obligation and net benefit cost
 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (k)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We used the following
 assumptions to calculate the net periodic costs of our SERP as
 follows for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.17%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.51%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.61%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Bonus payment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;/font&gt; base
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents the benefits expected to be paid in the next ten fiscal
 years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 37pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2019 &amp;#x2014;
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents the components of AOCL that have not yet been recognized
 in net pension expense:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unrecognized net
 gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
257&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unrecognized prior service
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
177&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Tax effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net amount
 unrecognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Tabular disclosure of the net gain (loss) and net prior service cost or credit recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) for the period for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans
 and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss) for the period
 as those amounts
 including amortization of the net transition asset or obligation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920











In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







Amount of gain (loss) related to change in benefit obligation resulting from changes in actuarial assumptions
 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Glossary Gain or Loss
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6514294
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28361610&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Glossary Gain or Loss
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6749293










/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


June 26
 2014

848


June 25
 2015

860


June 30
 2016

873


June 29
 2017

718


June 28
 2018
        


        

660


        

534




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Investment in ARMA Energy
 Inc - Additional Information (Detail) (Variable Interest Entity
 Not Primary Beneficiary
 Aggregated Disclosure [Member]
 Arma Energy
 Inc. [Member]
 USD $)

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


Promissory note
 Principal amount

000


Promissory note
 Maturity period
        


        

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 4 &amp;#x2014; REVOLVING
 CREDIT FACILITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On February&amp;#xA0;7
 2008
 we entered into a Credit Agreement with a bank group (the
 &amp;#x201C;Bank Lenders&amp;#x201D;) providing a $117
500 revolving loan
 commitment and letter of credit subfacility (the &amp;#x201C;Credit
 Facility&amp;#x201D;). Also on February&amp;#xA0;7
 2008
 we entered into a
 Loan Agreement with an insurance company (the &amp;#x201C;Mortgage
 Lender&amp;#x201D;) providing us with two term loans
 one in the amount
 of $36
000 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche A&amp;#x201D;) and the other in the amount of
 $9
000 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche B&amp;#x201D;)
 for an aggregate amount of
 $45
000 (the &amp;#x201C;Mortgage Facility&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The Credit Facility
 as
 amended
 is secured by substantially all our assets other than real
 property and fixtures. The Mortgage Facility is secured by
 mortgages on essentially all of our owned real property located in
 Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina
 (the &amp;#x201C;Encumbered Properties&amp;#x201D;). The encumbered Elgin
 Illinois real property includes almost all of the Old Elgin Site
 that was purchased prior to our purchase of the land in Elgin
 Illinois
 on which our Chicago area operations are now
 consolidated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On July&amp;#xA0;15
 2011
 we
 entered into a Second Amendment to the Credit Facility (the
 &amp;#x201C;Second Amendment&amp;#x201D;) which extended the maturity date of
 the Credit Facility from February&amp;#xA0;7
 2013 to July&amp;#xA0;15
 2016. In addition
 the Second Amendment increases the amount by
 which we may increase the revolving credit commitment available
 under the Credit Facility from $15
000 to $22
500.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On October&amp;#xA0;31
 2011
 we entered into a Third Amendment to the Credit Facility (the
 &amp;#x201C;Third Amendment&amp;#x201D;). The Third Amendment permits an
 additional 5% of outstanding accounts receivable from a major
 customer to be included as eligible in the borrowing base
 calculation
 and the Third Amendment also made technical
 modifications to definitions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On January&amp;#xA0;22
 2013
 we entered into a Consent and Fourth Amendment to the Credit
 Facility which permitted us to sell certain intellectual property
 assets and invest in the capital stock of a company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The portion of the
 borrowing base calculation based upon machinery and equipment will
 decrease by $1
500 per year for the first five years to coincide
 with depreciation of the machinery and equipment collateral. As of
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 the weighted average
 interest rate for the Credit Facility was 2.23% and 2.36%
 respectively. The terms of the Credit Facility contain covenants
 that require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 capital
 expenditures
 acquisitions and certain sales of assets
 cash
 dividends
 redemptions of capital stock and prepayment of
 indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among other things
 is of a
 subordinate debt). If loan availability under the Borrowing Base
 Calculation falls below $25
000
 we will be required to maintain a
 specified fixed charge coverage ratio
 tested on a monthly basis.
 All cash received from customers is required to be applied against
 the Credit Facility. The Bank Lenders are entitled to require
 immediate repayment of our obligations under the Credit Facility in
 the event of default on the payments required under the Credit
 Facility
 a change in control in the ownership of the Company
 non-compliance with the financial covenants or upon the occurrence
 of certain other defaults by us under the Credit Facility
 (including a default under the Mortgage Facility). As of
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 we were in compliance with all covenants under
 the Credit Facility and we currently expect to be in compliance
 with the financial covenant in the Credit Facility for the
 foreseeable future. As of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 we had $81
608 of
 available credit under the Credit Facility which reflects
 borrowings of $31
867 and reduced availability as a result of
 $4
025 in outstanding letters of credit. We would still be in
 compliance with all restrictive covenants under the Credit Facility
 if this entire amount were borrowed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21475-112644
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682














&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We purchase materials from
 a company that is effectively owned by two members of our Board of
 Directors who are also executive officers
 and individuals directly
 related to them. Purchases from this related party aggregated to
 the following for the years ending:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Purchases from related
 party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Tabular disclosure of related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include
 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accounts payable to this
 related entity aggregated to the following for the fiscal years
 ending:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;













&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 14 &amp;#x2014;
 TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In addition to the related
 party transactions described in Note 5
 we also entered into
 transactions with the related party described below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We purchase materials from
 a company that is effectively owned by two members of our Board of
 Directors who are also executive officers
 and individuals directly
 related to them. Purchases from this related party aggregated to
 the following for the years ending:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Purchases from related
 party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accounts payable to this
 related entity aggregated to the following for the fiscal years
 ending:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39622-107864
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39603-107864
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph b
 -Article 3A
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph k
 -Article 4
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39691-107864
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39678-107864













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
The provision (benefit) for
 income taxes for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



 

 
 
14
483
 
 
 
9
908
 
 
 
2
972
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(3
021
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total income tax expense
 (benefit)

 
 
13
536
 
 
 
9
099
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
The reconciliations of
 income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate to income
 taxes reported in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
 income for the last three fiscal years are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 
 
 
June&#xA0;30

 
 



Federal statutory income
 tax rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

State income taxes
 net of
 federal benefit

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Research and development
 tax credit

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Domestic manufacturing
 deduction

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Change in valuation
 allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Effective tax
 rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
Deferred tax assets and
 liabilities are comprised of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
 2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28
 2012
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Accounts
 receivable

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Employee
 compensation

 
 
2
021
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
785
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Workers&#x2019;
 compensation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
701
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
3
912
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
823
 
 
 
 
 

 

Valuation
 allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Net current deferred tax
 assets

 
 
3
723
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
823
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
(11
525
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(11
801
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Capitalized
 leases

 
 
1
099
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Goodwill and intangible
 assets

 
 
4
690
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
123
 
 
 
 
 



Operating loss
 carry-forwards

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
5
046
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5
334
 
 
 
 
 



Workers
 compensation

 
 
1
194
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Equity method
 investment

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
13
335
 
 
 
(11
882
 
 
 
11
486
 
 
 
(11
946
 



Valuation
 allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Net long-term deferred tax
 assets (liabilities)

 
 
12
709
 
 
 
(11
882
 
 
 
11
486
 
 
 
(11
946
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total net deferred tax
 assets (liabilities)

 
 
16
432
 
 
 
(11
882
 
 
 
16
309
 
 
 
(11
946
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        
Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the annual effective tax rate on
 income from continuing operations
 are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Unrecognized tax benefits
 that would affect annual effective tax rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified



Amount of long-term debt and capital leases due within one year or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
June 26
 2014
Amount of long-term debt
 sinking fund requirements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6802200&amp;loc=d3e1835-112601
June 25
 2015
Amount of long-term debt
 sinking fund requirements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6802200&amp;loc=d3e1835-112601
June 30
 2016
Amount of long-term debt
 sinking fund requirements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6802200&amp;loc=d3e1835-112601
June 29
 2017
Amount of long-term debt
 sinking fund requirements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6802200&amp;loc=d3e1835-112601
June 28
 2018

Represents the aggregate of total long-term debt
 including current maturities and short-term debt.












    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

867

873

071


        

970

130

484


        

394)

136)

682)


        

443

867

873



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

122

179

513


        

256

638

103


        

494)

695)

437)


        

884

122

179



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

899

447

100


        

899)

367)

028)


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 charged to costs and expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

393

815

619

507

706

760

309

800

334

575

212



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

228

699

486



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

774

611

817



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

940

388

025



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

392

877

884




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    
























Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901


Weighted average remaining contractual term of exercisable stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (e)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901


Weighted average remaining contractual term of exercisable stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (e)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901













    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        

889

889


Dividends payable date
 declared day

				 2012
        


        

				 2012
        




        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not paid
 as of the financial reporting date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Our expense for the 401(k)
 plan was as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;401(k) plan
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;554&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The total route pension
 liability was as follows for the last two fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Route pension
 liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;646&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;












    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

870

615

534




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

040
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified



Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Total intangible assets
 gross

Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275

Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275




Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Total intangible assets
 gross

Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275




Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Total intangible assets
 gross

Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275




Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Total intangible assets
 gross

Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26713463&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275













    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      










 2013

          



 2012

          



 2008

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2008

          



 2008

          



 2008

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
        
        
        


        

355

930

800

000

000

950

500

000

000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000

500


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

500
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

608
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

867

848
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

025
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


Multiemployer plans
 certified zone status
        


        

				 2012




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 orange (seriously endangered)
 yellow (endangered)
 and green (none of the above). The acceptable values are red
 orange
 yellow
 green
 other
 and NA.  A multiemployer plan is a pension or postretirement benefit plan to which two or more unrelated employers contribute where assets contributed by one participating employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format. A multiemployer plan is a pension or postretirement benefit plan to which two or more unrelated employers contribute where assets contributed by one participating employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified














Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 22
 -Article 5

Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 7
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6876686&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Article 9
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 22
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879938&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 22
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 22
 -Article 5

The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Line-of-Credit Arrangement
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6517033













In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=31042434&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585














&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 17 &amp;#x2014;
 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table details
 the activity in various allowance and reserve accounts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 39pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Beginning&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;of
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Allowance for doubtful
 accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for customer
 deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(4
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for cash
 discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(9
899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax asset
 valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(14
394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Allowance for doubtful
 accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for cash
 discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for customer
 deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
695&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(12
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Allowance for doubtful
 accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(217&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for cash
 discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(8
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Reserve for customer
 deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5
437&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
484&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(13
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
The entire disclosure for any allowance and reserve accounts (their beginning and ending balances
 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12














&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation
 and Consolidation and Description of Business&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Our consolidated financial
 statements include the accounts of John B. Sanfilippo&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp;
 Son
 Inc.
 and our two wholly-owned subsidiaries
 JBSS Real Estate
 LLC and JBSS Ventures
 LLC. During the third quarter of fiscal
 2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its real estate
 holdings to JBSS Real Estate
 LLC (a recently formed subsidiary)
 and JBSS Properties
 LLC changed its name to JBSS Ventures
 LLC.
 Our fiscal year ends on the last Thursday of June each year
 and
 typically consists of fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week
 quarters). However
 the year ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2011 consisted of
 fifty-three weeks
 as our fourth quarter contained fourteen weeks.
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related
 footnotes are presented in accordance with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We are one of the leading
 processors and distributors of peanuts and tree nuts in the United
 States. These nuts are sold under a variety of private brands and
 under the &lt;i&gt;Fisher
 Orchard Valley Harvest&lt;/i&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Sunshine
 Country&lt;/i&gt; brand names. We also market and distribute
 and in most
 cases manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and
 snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and
 confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 sunflower seeds
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under
 private brands and brand names. Our products are sold through the
 major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 contract
 packaging customers and international customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Certain reclassifications
 have been made to the consolidated balance sheet at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012 to conform to the current year presentation which had no
 effect on net equity reported for any period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 205
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6359566&amp;loc=d3e326-107755

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Management
 Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The preparation of
 financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to
 make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
 assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
 liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
 reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
 period. Significant estimates include reserves for customer
 deductions
 allowances for doubtful accounts
 the quantity and
 valuation of bulk inventories
 the evaluation of recoverability of
 long-lived assets
 the realizability of deferred tax assets and
 various other accrual accounts. Actual results could differ from
 those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6143-108592
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6132-108592
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6061-108592

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Accounts
 Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accounts receivable are
 stated at the amounts charged to customers
 less allowances for
 doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated cash discounts and
 customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful accounts is
 calculated by specifically identifying customers that are credit
 risks and estimating the extent that other non-specifically
 identified customers will become credit risks. Account balances are
 charged off against the allowance when we conclude that it is
 probable the receivable will not be recovered. The reserve for
 estimated cash discounts is based on historical experience. The
 reserve for customer deductions represents known customer short
 payments and an estimate of future credit memos that will be issued
 to customers related to rebates and allowances for marketing and
 promotions based on historical experience.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2196772
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 3-5
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2196816

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventories
 which consist
 principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit
 and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of
 cost (first-in
 first-out) or market which approximates actual
 cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at least quarterly. Fluctuations
 in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews
 and other nuts may affect the value of inventory
 gross profit and
 gross profit margin. When expected market sales prices move below
 costs
 we record adjustments to write down the carrying values of
 inventories to the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market.
 The results of our shelling process can also result in changes to
 inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus
 expected crop yields. We maintain significant inventories of
 bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of
 inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based on our inventory
 systems and are subject to quarterly physical verification
 techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The
 quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are
 generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen month period
 at which
 time revisions to any estimates are also recorded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We store a large amount of
 peanut inventory on behalf of the United States government at
 various facilities. As a licensed United States Department of
 Agriculture Nut Warehouse Operator
 to the extent that we do not
 purchase these peanuts
 we are responsible for delivering the loan
 value of the peanut inventory in our possession as represented on
 the warehouse receipt to the holder of the warehouse receipt on
 demand. We are responsible for any decline in the value of the
 peanut inventory due to a decline in quality or shrinkage in excess
 of an allowable amount. No such declines in value are currently
 anticipated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361739&amp;loc=d3e7789-107766
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2126999
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28360613&amp;loc=d3e4492-108314
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Financial Reporting Release (FRR)
 -Number 206
 -Paragraph b
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
 -Chapter 2
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=28360613&amp;loc=d3e4556-108314

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property
 Plant and
 Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment are stated at cost. Major improvements that extend the
 useful life
 add capacity
 or add functionality are capitalized and
 charged to expense through depreciation. Repairs and maintenance
 are charged to expense as incurred. The cost and accumulated
 depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the
 respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is recognized currently
 in operating income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Depreciation expense for
 the last three fiscal years is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0; 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0; 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0; 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Depreciation
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
901&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Cost is depreciated using
 the straight-line method over the following estimated useful
 lives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Machinery and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Furniture and leasehold
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Computers and
 software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;No interest costs were
 capitalized for the last three fiscal years due to the lack of any
 significant project.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2155824
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Property
 Plant and Equipment
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Assets Held For
 Sale&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;An asset is classified as
 held for sale when (i)&amp;#xA0;management commits to a plan to sell
 and it is actively marketed
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;it is available for
 immediate sale and the sale is expected to be completed within one
 year and (iii)&amp;#xA0;it is unlikely significant changes to the plan
 will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. Assets held for
 sale may exceed one year due to events or circumstances beyond our
 control. Recoverability is also assessed and assets held for sale
 are reported at the lower of carrying value or fair-value less
 costs to sell. Assets classified as held for sale are no longer
 depreciated and reported on separate lines of the balance
 sheet.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We currently have assets
 held for sale on our consolidated balance sheets at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 due to the pending sale of property we own. For more
 information
 see Note 15 &amp;#x2014; Assets Held for Sale.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Goodwill&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In accordance with
 authoritative guidance on goodwill under the provisions of ASC 350
 &amp;#x201C;Intangibles-Goodwill and Other&amp;#x201D;
 goodwill is subject
 to impairment testing at least annually or more frequently if an
 event occurs or conditions change that would more likely than not
 reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value.
 We performed our impairment test
 annually during the fourth
 quarter
 using the two-step method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We completed an acquisition
 of certain assets and liabilities of Orchard Valley Harvest
 (&amp;#x201C;OVH&amp;#x201D;) during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010.
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011
 we experienced a
 significant decline in the market value and operating results of
 the Company driven by challenging market conditions and also
 performed our annual impairment analysis under the provisions of
 ASC 350. Based upon our analysis
 we concluded that the entire
 goodwill balance of $5
662 was impaired.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill
 how reporting units are determined
 how goodwill is allocated to such units
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2144439

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived
 Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We review held and used
 long-lived assets
 including our rental investment property and
 amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess
 recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever
 events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the
 carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such
 events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
 expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the
 asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long lived asset
 or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of
 future cash flows derived from the most recent business
 projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair
 value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We did not record any
 impairment of long-lived assets for the last three fiscal
 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 5
 -Section CC
 -Subsection 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2155824

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred Financing
 Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred financing costs
 are incurred to obtain long-term financing and are amortized using
 the effective interest method over the term of the related debt.
 The amortization of deferred financing costs
 which is classified
 in interest expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
 income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of deferred
 financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 17
 -Article 5

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Facility Consolidation
 Project/Real Estate Transactions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In April 2005
 we acquired
 property to be used for the Elgin Site. Two buildings are located
 on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an office building.
 Approximately 71% of the office building is currently vacant. The
 other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and modified for use as
 our principal processing facility and headquarters. The allocation
 of the purchase price to the two buildings was determined through a
 third party appraisal. The value assigned to the office building is
 included in rental investment property on the balance sheet. The
 value assigned to the warehouse building is included in
 &amp;#x201C;Property
 plant and equipment&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The net rental expense from
 the office building is included in the caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and
 miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross rental income and Rental
 (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal years are as
 follows:&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross rental
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Rental (expense)
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected future gross
 rental income under operating leases within the office building is
 as follows for the fiscal years ending:&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 25
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 30
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 29
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;June 28
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;On March&amp;#xA0;28
 2006
 our
 wholly-owned subsidiary JBSS Properties
 LLC acquired title by
 quitclaim deed to the site that was originally purchased in Elgin
 Illinois (the &amp;#x201C;Old Elgin Site&amp;#x201D;) for our facility
 consolidation project and also entered into an Assignment and
 Assumption Agreement (the &amp;#x201C;Agreement&amp;#x201D;) with the City of
 Elgin (the &amp;#x201C;City&amp;#x201D;). In the third quarter of fiscal
 2013
 JBSS Properties
 LLC transferred all of its properties and
 agreements to JBSS Real Estate
 LLC. Under the terms of the
 Agreement
 the City assigned to us the City&amp;#x2019;s remaining
 rights and obligations under a development agreement entered into
 by and among the Company
 certain related party partnerships and
 the City (the &amp;#x201C;Development Agreement&amp;#x201D;). The Mortgage
 Facility is secured
 in part
 by the Old Elgin Site. We must obtain
 the consent of the Mortgage Lender (as defined below) prior to the
 sale of the Old Elgin Site. Also
 the State of Illinois
 the
 original owner of the Old Elgin Site that sold it to the City
 has
 the option to repurchase the Old Elgin Site. We currently have an
 agreed upon sales contract and the State of Illinois has waived its
 repurchase option. Consequently
 we have classified these assets as
 held for sale in the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 15. A
 portion of the Old Elgin Site contains an office building (which we
 began renting to a third-party during the third quarter of fiscal
 2007) that will likely be included in any future sale. We incurred
 $6
806 of gross costs under the Development Agreement
 and had
 carrying values of $6
175 and $6
228 at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 respectively. These costs are recorded as
 &amp;#x201C;Assets held for sale&amp;#x201D; at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and
 &amp;#x201C;Rental investment property&amp;#x201D; at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In September 2012
 we
 completed the sale of land and a building where we owned and
 operated a retail store in Barrington
 Illinois. Proceeds from the
 sale were $870
 net of expenses of $45
 and resulted in a pre-tax
 gain of $660 which is recorded in &amp;#x201C;Administrative
 expenses&amp;#x201D; for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Disclosure of accounting policy for the timing and amount of revenue recognized on transfers of real estate
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.B.Q1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012821&amp;loc=d3e214044-122780
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 40
 -Paragraph 7
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6854276&amp;loc=d3e5041-110235
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 970
 -SubTopic 605
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2156320
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 40
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6854276&amp;loc=d3e5304-110235

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Introductory
 Funds&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The ability to sell to
 certain retail customers often requires upfront payments to be made
 by us. Such payments are frequently made pursuant to contracts that
 stipulate the term of the agreement
 the quantity and type of
 products to be sold and any exclusivity requirements. If
 appropriate
 the cost of these payments is recorded as an asset and
 is amortized over the term of the contract. We expense payments if
 no written arrangement exists and amounts are not recoverable in
 the event of customer cancellation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total introductory funds
 are insignificant at both June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&amp;#xA0;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of
 introductory funds
 which is recorded as a reduction in net sales
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;!-- Begin Table Head --&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Head --&gt;&lt;!-- Begin Table Body --&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization of
 introductory funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;!-- End Table Body --&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Authoritative guidance
 issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) defines fair value as the price that would be
 received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
 transaction between market participants on the measurement date.
 The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes
 observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value into
 three broad levels:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2013;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the
 measurement date for identical assets and liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2013;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets.
 For example
 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in
 active markets or quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities
 in inactive markets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2013;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data
 available.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The carrying values of
 cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate
 their fair values at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 because of the short-term maturities and nature of these
 balances.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The carrying value of our
 Credit Facility (as defined below) borrowings approximates fair
 value at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012 because interest
 rates on this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2
 criteria)
 the short term maturity and nature of this balance. In
 addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent
 credit risk.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The estimated fair value of
 long-term debt
 including current maturities
 at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012 was $46
059 and $53
327
 respectively
 and
 the related carrying value was $42
355 and $48
930
 respectively.
 The estimated fair value of our long-term debt was determined using
 a market approach based upon Level 2 observable inputs
 which
 estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on
 loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or
 broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes
 in the underlying assets securing our long-term debt.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue
 Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We recognize revenue when
 persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has transferred
 (based upon terms of shipment)
 price is fixed
 delivery occurs and
 collection is reasonably assured. We sell our products under some
 arrangements which include customer contracts which fix the sales
 price for periods
 typically of up to one year
 for some industrial
 customers and through specific programs consisting of promotion
 allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer customers and commercial ingredient
 users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the
 terms of specific arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of
 rebates and promotion and marketing allowances. Revenues are also
 recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for
 based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to
 return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product
 returns have been insignificant. Provisions for returns are
 reflected as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based upon
 customer specific circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling
 costs are included in revenues.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18726-107790
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 13
 -Section B
 -Paragraph Question 1
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.B.Q1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27012821&amp;loc=d3e214044-122780
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18823-107790

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Segment
 Reporting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We operate in a single
 reportable operating segment that consists of selling various nut
 and nut related products through multiple distribution
 channels.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Significant Customers
 and Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The highly competitive
 nature of our business provides an environment for the loss of
 customers and the opportunity to gain new customers. We are subject
 to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts
 receivable
 and attempt to mitigate this risk through our credit
 evaluation process
 collection terms and through geographical
 dispersion of sales. Sales to three customers each exceeded 10% of
 net sales during fiscal 2013. In fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011 two
 customers each had sales that exceeded 10% of net sales. Sales to
 these customers represented approximately 48%
 36% and 32% of our
 net sales in fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 respectively. Net accounts receivable from these customers were 49%
 and 29% of net accounts receivable at June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6327-108592
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6404-108592
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 18
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6351-108592
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 42
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e9054-108599

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Promotion
 Marketing and
 Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Promotion allowances
 customer rebates and marketing allowances are recorded at the time
 revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions in sales.
 Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon projected volumes
 for the year
 while promotion and marketing allowances are recorded
 based upon terms of the actual arrangements. Coupon incentive costs
 are accrued based on estimates of product sold to retailers at our
 measurement date and an estimate of redemptions to
 occur.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The majority of marketing
 costs and substantially all advertising costs are incurred to
 promote and support branded products in the consumer distribution
 channel. These costs are expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling
 expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Marketing and advertising
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 340
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=32704220&amp;loc=d3e8275-108329
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 340
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6387522&amp;loc=d3e8384-108330
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 340
 -SubTopic 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2127066
Promotion
 Marketing and Advertising Costs
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling
 Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shipping and handling
 costs
 which include freight and other expenses to prepare finished
 goods for shipment
 are included in selling expenses. Shipping and
 handling costs for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Shipping and handling
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18726-107790
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 45
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6408196&amp;loc=d3e61069-111654
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Handling Costs
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6514758
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 45
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915142&amp;loc=d3e60635-111653
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 605
 -SubTopic 45
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6408413&amp;loc=d3e221937-122793
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Shipping Costs
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6525344

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Research and Development
 Expenses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and development
 expense represents the cost of our research and development
 personnel and their related expenses and are charged to selling
 expenses as incurred. Research and development expense for the last
 three fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and development
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 730
 -SubTopic 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2127266
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Research and Development
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6523717

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income
 Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We account for income taxes
 using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition
 of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax
 consequences of events that have been reported in our financial
 statements or tax returns. Such items give rise to differences in
 the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A
 valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amount of
 deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a
 portion of the asset will not be realized. Any investment tax
 credits are accounted for by using the flow-through method
 whereby
 the credits are reflected as reductions of tax expense in the year
 they are recognized in the financial statements. In estimating
 future tax consequences
 we consider all expected future events
 other than changes in tax law or rates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We record liabilities for
 uncertain income tax positions based on a two-step process. The
 first step is recognition
 where we evaluate whether an individual
 tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being
 sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the
 position
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation
 processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a
 less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is
 recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold
 in the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the
 benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may
 differ from our estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the
 recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax
 positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are
 recorded in results of operations and financial position in the
 period in which such changes occur. As of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 we had liabilities for uncertain tax positions
 totaling $131 and $122
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We recognize interest and
 penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in the
 income tax expense /(benefit) caption in the consolidated statement
 of comprehensive income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We evaluate the realization
 of deferred tax assets by considering our historical taxable income
 and future taxable income based upon the reversal of deferred tax
 liabilities. As of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013
 we believe that our deferred
 tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $815 of basis
 differences for which we have provided a valuation allowance. The
 amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable
 however
 could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable
 income during the carryforward period are reduced.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2144681
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 30
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2144749
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32840-109319
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 954
 -SubTopic 740
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6491622&amp;loc=d3e9504-115650
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 17
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32809-109319
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 25
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e32247-109318
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e32280-109318

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Earnings per
 Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic earnings per common
 share are calculated using the weighted average number of shares of
 Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock outstanding during the period.
 Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that
 could occur if securities or other contracts to issue Common Stock
 were exercised or converted into Common Stock or resulted in the
 issuance of Common Stock. The following table presents the
 reconciliation of the weighted average shares outstanding used in
 computing basic and diluted earnings per share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
863
064&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
726
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
671
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Effect of dilutive
 securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Stock options and
 restricted stock units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;129
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;102
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;98
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
992
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
828
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
770
359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock options excluded from the
 computation of diluted earnings per share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0; 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0; 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0; 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average number of
 anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;41
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;107
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;125
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted average exercise
 price:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;17.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=2144384
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3630-109257

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Comprehensive
 Income&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We account for
 comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#x201C;Comprehensive Income&amp;#x201D;. This topic establishes
 standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its
 components in a full set of general-purpose financial statements.
 The topic requires that all components of comprehensive income be
 reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same
 prominence as other financial statements. This topic also requires
 all non-owner changes in stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity be presented in
 either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in
 two separate but consecutive statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting
 Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In February 2013
 the FASB
 issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-02
 &amp;#x201C;Comprehensive Income (Topic
 220)&amp;#x2014;Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income.&amp;#x201D; The new guidance requires
 presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on
 the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the
 notes
 information about significant amounts required under U.S.
 GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
 income in their entirety. For amounts not required to be
 reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required
 to cross-reference to other disclosures that provide additional
 details about those amounts. This guidance is effective for fiscal
 years beginning on or after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2012
 and interim
 periods within those annual periods. The Company will adopt this
 guidance during fiscal 2014 and does not expect the adoption to
 have a material effect on our financial position
 results of
 operations or cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




















































    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 10 &#x2014; SPECIAL
 CASH DIVIDEND
On December&#xA0;10
 2012
 our Board of Directors
 after considering the financial position of
 our Company
 declared a special cash dividend of $1.00 per share on
 all issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&#xA0;A
 Stock of the Company (the &#x201C;Special Dividend&#x201D;). The
 Special Dividend of $10
889 was paid December&#xA0;28
 2012
 to
 stockholders of record at the close of business on
 December&#xA0;20
 2012. The ex-dividend date was the close of
 business on December&#xA0;18
 2012. We obtained the appropriate
 consent from the Bank Lenders in order to declare and pay this
 Special Dividend.
 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 6 &#x2014; INCOME
 TAXES
The provision (benefit) for
 income taxes for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



 

 
 
14
483
 
 
 
9
908
 
 
 
2
972
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(3
021
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total income tax expense
 (benefit)

 
 
13
536
 
 
 
9
099
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


The reconciliations of
 income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate to income
 taxes reported in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
 income for the last three fiscal years are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 
 
 
June&#xA0;30

 
 



Federal statutory income
 tax rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

State income taxes
 net of
 federal benefit

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Research and development
 tax credit

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Domestic manufacturing
 deduction

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Change in valuation
 allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Effective tax
 rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


The impact of the rate
 reconciling items for fiscal 2011 is greater than fiscal 2013 and
 fiscal 2012 primarily because income before income taxes is lower
 in fiscal year 2011. The significant items (on after-tax basis)
 impacting the fiscal 2011 rate include the following: (i)&#xA0;$190
 of state tax benefit related to release of state valuation
 allowance due to change in state law and our expected utilization
 of state investment tax credits
 $138 of state tax benefit related
 to out of period adjustment for excess state tax over book
 depreciation available in future periods
 $74 of state tax benefit
 due to favorable resolution of state tax audit
 $124 of state tax
 benefit for tax rate changes and tax provision adjustments;
 (ii)&#xA0;$160 of tax benefit related to the current year research
 and development credit and the reinstatement of the prior year
 research and development credit; (iii)&#xA0;$297 of tax benefit
 related to the Domestic Production Activities Deduction; and
 (iv)&#xA0;$41 of net tax benefit primarily related to a lower
 federal income tax bracket of 34% due to a lower level of fiscal
 2011 federal taxable income as well as other miscellaneous
 permanent adjustments.
Deferred tax assets and
 liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences
 of temporary differences between the financial statement basis and
 the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted statutory tax
 rates applicable to future years. Deferred tax assets and
 liabilities are comprised of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
 2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28
 2012
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Accounts
 receivable

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Employee
 compensation

 
 
2
021
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
785
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Workers&#x2019;
 compensation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
701
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
3
912
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
823
 
 
 
 
 

 

Valuation
 allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Net current deferred tax
 assets

 
 
3
723
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
823
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
(11
525
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(11
801
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Capitalized
 leases

 
 
1
099
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Goodwill and intangible
 assets

 
 
4
690
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
123
 
 
 
 
 



Operating loss
 carry-forwards

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
5
046
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5
334
 
 
 
 
 



Workers
 compensation

 
 
1
194
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Equity method
 investment

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
13
335
 
 
 
(11
882
 
 
 
11
486
 
 
 
(11
946
 



Valuation
 allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Net long-term deferred tax
 assets (liabilities)

 
 
12
709
 
 
 
(11
882
 
 
 
11
486
 
 
 
(11
946
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total net deferred tax
 assets (liabilities)

 
 
16
432
 
 
 
(11
882
 
 
 
16
309
 
 
 
(11
946
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


In assessing the
 realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
 tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of
 deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future
 taxable income of the character necessary during the periods in
 which those temporary differences become deductible. Management
 considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 (including the impact of available carryback and carryforward
 periods)
 projected future taxable income
 and tax-planning
 strategies in making this assessment. The net change in the total
 valuation allowance was an increase of $815 in fiscal 2013 and a
 decrease of $68 in fiscal 2012. The valuation allowance at
 June&#xA0;27
 2013 is entirely related to the deferred tax assets
 that were created as a result of our investment in
 and sale of
 intellectual property rights to
 an unconsolidated variable
 interest entity. If or when recognized
 the tax benefits relating
 to any reversal of the valuation allowance will be recognized as a
 reduction of income tax expense.
We have gross state tax net
 operating losses of approximately $5
040 that will expire between
 2017 and 2030 if not utilized.
We have gross state tax
 credits of $239 which do not expire.

 &#xA0;
For the years ending
 June&#xA0;27
 2013 and June&#xA0;28
 2012 unrecognized tax benefits
 and accrued interest and penalties were not material. There were no
 material changes to the amount of unrecognized tax benefits or
 interest and penalties during any of the periods presented. Total
 gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits were $139 and $133 at
 June&#xA0;27
 2013 and June&#xA0;28
 2012
 respectively.
Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the annual effective tax rate on
 income from continuing operations
 are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 
 
June&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2011
 



Unrecognized tax benefits
 that would affect annual effective tax rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


We do not anticipate that
 total unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the
 next twelve months.
There were certain changes
 in state tax laws during the period the impact of which was
 insignificant. We file income tax returns with federal and state
 tax authorities within the United States of America. Our federal
 tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2011 and later. Our
 Illinois tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2009 and later.
 Our California tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2008 and
 later. No other tax jurisdictions are material to us.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The provision (benefit) for
 income taxes for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total income tax expense
 (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The reconciliations of
 income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate to income
 taxes reported in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
 income for the last three fiscal years are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal statutory income
 tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State income taxes
 net of
 federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(18.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and development
 tax credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Domestic manufacturing
 deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(10.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Effective tax
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets and
 liabilities are comprised of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=9&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accounts
 receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Employee
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Workers&amp;#x2019;
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net current deferred tax
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Long term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=9&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Capitalized
 leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill and intangible
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Operating loss
 carry-forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;641&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Retirement plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Workers
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Equity method
 investment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total long-term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
335&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net long-term deferred tax
 assets (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total net deferred tax
 assets (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the annual effective tax rate on
 income from continuing operations
 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits
 that would affect annual effective tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 217
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=32707879&amp;loc=d3e36027-109320
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15A
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=SL6600010-109319













    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 13 &#x2014;
 RETIREMENT PLAN
On August&#xA0;2
 2007
 the
 committee then known as the Compensation
 Nominating and Corporate
 Governance Committee (the &#x201C;Committee&#x201D;) approved a
 restated Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (&#x201C;SERP&#x201D;)
 for certain executive officers and key employees
 retroactively
 effective as of August&#xA0;25
 2005. The restated SERP
 retroactively changed the plan adopted on August&#xA0;25
 2005 to
 among other things
 clarify certain actuarial provisions and
 incorporate new Internal Revenue Service requirements. The SERP is
 an unfunded
 non-qualified benefit plan that will provide eligible
 participants with monthly benefits upon retirement
 disability or
 death
 subject to certain conditions. Benefits paid to retirees are
 based on age at retirement
 years of credited service
 and average
 compensation. We use our fiscal year-end as the measurement date
 for the obligation calculation. Accounting guidance now codified in
 ASC Topic 715
 &#x201C;Compensation &#x2013; Retirement
 Benefits&#x201D; requires the recognition of the funded status of
 the SERP on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Actuarial gains or
 losses
 prior service costs or credits and transition obligations
 that have not yet been recognized are recorded as a component of
 &#x201C;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&#x201D;
 (&#x201C;AOCL&#x201D;).
The following table
 presents the changes in the projected benefit obligation for the
 fiscal years ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 2012
 



Change in projected
 benefit obligation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Benefit obligation at
 beginning of year

 
 
13
989
 
 
 
11
221
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Actuarial (gain)
 loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
2
579
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Projected benefit
 obligation at end of year

 
 
13
268
 
 
 
13
989
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


Components of the actuarial
 (gain) loss portion of the change in projected benefit obligation
 are presented below for the fiscal years ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 
 
 
June&#xA0;30

 
 



Actuarial (Gain)
 Loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Change in assumed pay
 increases

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Change in discount
 rate

 
 
(1
555
 
 
 
2
494
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Actuarial (gain)
 loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
2
579
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


The components of the net
 periodic pension cost are as follows for the fiscal years
 ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 
 
 
June&#xA0;30

 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Recognized gain
 amortization

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Prior service cost
 amortization

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Net periodic pension
 cost

 
 
1
870
 
 
 
1
615
 
 
 
1
534
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;
Significant assumptions
 related to our SERP include the discount rate used to calculate the
 actuarial present value of benefit obligations to be paid in the
 future and the average rate of compensation expense increase by
 SERP participants.
We used the following
 assumptions to calculate the benefit obligations of our SERP as of
 the following dates:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 


June&#xA0;27


 

 


June&#xA0;28


 




 

 
 
 
 

 

Rate of compensation
 increases

 
 
 
 



 

 
 base
 paid&#xA0;3&#xA0;of&#xA0;5 years
 
 base
 paid&#xA0;3&#xA0;of&#xA0;5 years


We used the following
 assumptions to calculate the net periodic costs of our SERP as
 follows for the fiscal years ended:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 


June&#xA0;27


 

 


June&#xA0;28


 

 


June&#xA0;30


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Rate of compensation
 increases

 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 base
 paid&#xA0;3&#xA0;of&#xA0;5 years
 
 base
 paid&#xA0;3&#xA0;of&#xA0;5 years
 
 base
 paid&#xA0;3&#xA0;of&#xA0;5 years


The assumed discount rate
 is based
 in part
 upon a discount rate modeling process that
 considers both high quality long-term indices and the duration of
 the SERP plan relative to the durations implicit in the broader
 indices. The discount rate is utilized principally in calculating
 the actuarial present value of our obligation and periodic expense
 pursuant to the SERP. To the extent the discount rate increases or
 decreases
 our SERP obligation is decreased or increased
 accordingly.
The following table
 presents the benefits expected to be paid in the next ten fiscal
 years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Fiscal
 year

 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 

 

2019 &#x2014;
 2023

 
 
2
678
 


The following table
 presents the components of AOCL that have not yet been recognized
 in net pension expense:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27
&#xA0;2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28
&#xA0;2012
 



Unrecognized net
 gain

 
 
2
257
 
 
 
1
278
 

 

Unrecognized prior service
 cost

 
 
(7
177
 
 
 
(8
134
 



 

 
 
1
756
 
 
 
2
529
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Net amount
 unrecognized

 
 
(3
164
 
 
 
(4
327
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


We expect to recognize $957
 of the prior service cost offset by $68 of the net gain into net
 periodic pension expense during the fiscal year ending
 June&#xA0;26
 2014.
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 18px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 6 &amp;#x2014; INCOME
 TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The provision (benefit) for
 income taxes for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total income tax expense
 (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The reconciliations of
 income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate to income
 taxes reported in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
 income for the last three fiscal years are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Federal statutory income
 tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;State income taxes
 net of
 federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(18.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Research and development
 tax credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(5.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Domestic manufacturing
 deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(10.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Change in valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Effective tax
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;34.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The impact of the rate
 reconciling items for fiscal 2011 is greater than fiscal 2013 and
 fiscal 2012 primarily because income before income taxes is lower
 in fiscal year 2011. The significant items (on after-tax basis)
 impacting the fiscal 2011 rate include the following: (i)&amp;#xA0;$190
 of state tax benefit related to release of state valuation
 allowance due to change in state law and our expected utilization
 of state investment tax credits
 $138 of state tax benefit related
 to out of period adjustment for excess state tax over book
 depreciation available in future periods
 $74 of state tax benefit
 due to favorable resolution of state tax audit
 $124 of state tax
 benefit for tax rate changes and tax provision adjustments;
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;$160 of tax benefit related to the current year research
 and development credit and the reinstatement of the prior year
 research and development credit; (iii)&amp;#xA0;$297 of tax benefit
 related to the Domestic Production Activities Deduction; and
 (iv)&amp;#xA0;$41 of net tax benefit primarily related to a lower
 federal income tax bracket of 34% due to a lower level of fiscal
 2011 federal taxable income as well as other miscellaneous
 permanent adjustments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets and
 liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences
 of temporary differences between the financial statement basis and
 the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted statutory tax
 rates applicable to future years. Deferred tax assets and
 liabilities are comprised of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Asset&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=9&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Accounts
 receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Employee
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Workers&amp;#x2019;
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net current deferred tax
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Long term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=9&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Capitalized
 leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Goodwill and intangible
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
690&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Operating loss
 carry-forwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;641&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Retirement plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Workers
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Equity method
 investment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total long-term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
335&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net long-term deferred tax
 assets (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total net deferred tax
 assets (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(11
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;In assessing the
 realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
 tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of
 deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future
 taxable income of the character necessary during the periods in
 which those temporary differences become deductible. Management
 considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 (including the impact of available carryback and carryforward
 periods)
 projected future taxable income
 and tax-planning
 strategies in making this assessment. The net change in the total
 valuation allowance was an increase of $815 in fiscal 2013 and a
 decrease of $68 in fiscal 2012. The valuation allowance at
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 is entirely related to the deferred tax assets
 that were created as a result of our investment in
 and sale of
 intellectual property rights to
 an unconsolidated variable
 interest entity. If or when recognized
 the tax benefits relating
 to any reversal of the valuation allowance will be recognized as a
 reduction of income tax expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We have gross state tax net
 operating losses of approximately $5
040 that will expire between
 2017 and 2030 if not utilized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We have gross state tax
 credits of $239 which do not expire.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;For the years ending
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012 unrecognized tax benefits
 and accrued interest and penalties were not material. There were no
 material changes to the amount of unrecognized tax benefits or
 interest and penalties during any of the periods presented. Total
 gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits were $139 and $133 at
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 and June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the annual effective tax rate on
 income from continuing operations
 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits
 that would affect annual effective tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;We do not anticipate that
 total unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the
 next twelve months.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;There were certain changes
 in state tax laws during the period the impact of which was
 insignificant. We file income tax returns with federal and state
 tax authorities within the United States of America. Our federal
 tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2011 and later. Our
 Illinois tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2009 and later.
 Our California tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2008 and
 later. No other tax jurisdictions are material to us.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32718-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=26873400&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32559-109319













    
  
      

INVESTMENT IN ARMA ENERGY
 INC.

        

      






        
        


INVESTMENT IN ARMA ENERGY
 INC.
        
NOTE 11 &#x2014;
 INVESTMENT IN ARMA ENERGY
 INC.
Over the past few years we
 have been developing
 marketing
 and securing proprietary and
 intellectual property rights to the &#x201C;ARMA brand&#x201D; in
 select markets. The ARMA brand products consisted of
 &#x201C;energy-infused&#x201D; snack products
 including kettle
 cooked potato chips
 trail mixes
 fruit and nut blends
 granola
 mixes and other products. Sales of ARMA brand products have
 historically been immaterial to our financial condition
 results of
 operations or cash flows.
On February&#xA0;1
 2013 we
 entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with ARMA Energy
 Inc.
 (&#x201C;AEI&#x201D; or the &#x201C;Purchaser&#x201D;) whereby we
 received approximately 71% of the preferred stock of the Purchaser
 in exchange for sales
 marketing
 services
 and other expenses
 already incurred. In addition
 on February&#xA0;1
 2013
 we sold
 all of our intellectual property rights in the ARMA brand to the
 Purchaser in exchange for a secured promissory note in the
 principal amount of $500 payable over five years. Annual payments
 of $100 begin December 2013 on the promissory note. The fair value
 of the note received and non-controlling interest retained at the
 time of sale were not deemed material. At June&#xA0;27
 2013 our
 ownership percentage had decreased to approximately 58% due to
 additional investment from unrelated parties. After recording our
 proportional share of losses
 our investment in this entity is $0
 at June&#xA0;27
 2013.
The criteria outlined in ASC
 810
 
 provides a framework for identifying
 variable interest entities (&#x201C;VIEs&#x201D;) and determining
 whether an investment in another entity should be subject to
 consolidation. Upon consideration of the guidance
 we determined
 the Purchaser is a VIE. Further
 we have concluded that power is
 shared and we are not the primary beneficiary of the VIE. Shared
 control of the VIE&#x2019;s board of directors was the most
 significant factor in concluding that power was shared among us and
 other unrelated parties. The operating results of the Purchaser are
 not currently material to our financial position
 operating results
 and cash flows
 and we do not provide financial support to the
 Purchaser.

 &#xA0;
Based on ASC 323
 
 we determined we have significant influence over the Purchaser and
 have accounted for this investment under the equity
 method.
 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following
 weighted-average assumptions were used to determine the fair value
 of options granted for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Risk-free interest
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected dividend
 yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected
 volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;42.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;38.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;43.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Expected life
 (years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of employee stock purchase plans
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (f)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following is a summary
 of stock option activity for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Remaining&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;205
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(92
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;115
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercisable at
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;112
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;728&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 summarizes the weighted-average grant-date fair value of option
 awards granted
 the total intrinsic value of all options exercised
 and the total cash received from the exercise of options for the
 last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average grant date
 fair value of options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total intrinsic value of
 options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;535&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Total cash received from
 exercise of options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following is a summary
 of non-vested stock options for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 27pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Grant-Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-vested at
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
875&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Non-vested at June
 27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;6.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Exercise prices for options
 outstanding as of June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013 ranged from $7.95 to $32.30
 and may be segregated into two ranges
 as shown below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Option Price Per Share
 Range&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;$7.95&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;$11.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;$14.73&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;$32.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Number of
 options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;58
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average exercise
 price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average remaining
 life in years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Number of options
 exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;56
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Weighted-average exercise
 price for exercisable options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;18.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Tabular disclosure of the following for fully vested share options (or share units) and share options expected to vest at the date of the latest statement of financial position: the number
 weighted-average exercise price (or conversion ratio)
 aggregate intrinsic value (except for nonpublic entities)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (e)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following is a summary
 of restricted stock unit activity for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 76pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted
 Stock Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Grant-Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0; Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at June
 28
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;220
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;66
294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;16.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(64
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(7
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Outstanding at June
 27
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;215
294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.
&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 12px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following table
 summarizes compensation cost charged to earnings for all equity
 compensation plans and the total income tax benefit recognized for
 the last three fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Compensation cost charged
 to earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income tax benefit
 recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;/div&gt;












    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      










 2013

          



 2013

          



        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

				 2013
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
        

597
426

322
509


        
        

019
933
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Employee Benefit Plans - Expense for 401(k) Plan (Detail) (401(k) [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

171
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 6px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The following unaudited
 quarterly consolidated financial data are presented for fiscal 2013
 and fiscal 2012. Quarterly financial results necessarily rely on
 estimates and caution is required in drawing specific conclusions
 from quarterly consolidated results.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;27
 2013:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;177
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;215
619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;163
815&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;177
393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;30
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;29
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income from
 operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;13
869&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;14
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
583&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic earnings per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted earnings per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.69&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&amp;#xA0;(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;28
 2012:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;156
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;223
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;153
760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;166
706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;21
766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;35
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;22
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;27
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Income from
 operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;15
782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;4
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;7
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;9
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;3
886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Basic earnings per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Diluted earnings per common
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;The fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2012 contained a $900 increase in cost of sales due to a
 change in the estimate of on-hand quantities of bulk-stored inshell
 pecan and walnut inventories.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
Tabular disclosure of the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements. The disclosure includes financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year
 including revenues
 gross profit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 270
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)-(j)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=25249566&amp;loc=d3e1280-108306













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 12 &#x2014; EMPLOYEE
 BENEFIT PLANS
We maintain a contributory
 plan established pursuant to the provisions of section 401(k) of
 the Internal Revenue Code. The plan provides retirement benefits
 for all nonunion employees meeting minimum age and service
 requirements. We currently match 100% of the first three percent
 contributed by each employee and 50% of the next two percent
 contributed
 up to certain maximums specified in the plan. Our
 expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the last three
 fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;28

 2012
 
 
 
 June&#xA0;30

 2011
 



401(k) plan
 expense

 
 
1
171
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


During the first quarter of
 fiscal 2009
 we recorded a long-term liability of $868 for the
 withdrawal from the multiemployer plan (&#x201C;Route
 pension&#x201D;) for the step-van drivers that were employed for our
 store-door delivery system that was discontinued during the third
 quarter of fiscal 2008. Pursuant to terms of settlement with a
 labor union
 we are making monthly payments of $8 (including
 interest) through April 2022.
The total route pension
 liability was as follows for the last two fiscal years:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
June&#xA0;27

 2013
 
 
June&#xA0;28

 2012
 



Route pension
 liability

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Virtually all of our
 salaried employees participate in our Sanfilippo Value Added Plan
 (as amended
 the &#x201C;SVA Plan&#x201D;) which is a non-equity cash
 incentive plan (an economic value added-based program) administered
 by our Compensation Committee. We accrue expense related to the SVA
 Plan in the annual period that the economic performance underlying
 such performance occurs. This method of expense recognition
 properly matches the expense associated with improved economic
 performance with the period the improved performance occurs on a
 systematic and rational basis.
We also employ several
 union-represented employees and contribute to one multiemployer
 defined benefit pension plan and one multiemployer defined
 contribution plan under the terms of a collective bargaining
 agreement.
The risks of participating
 in the multiemployer pension plan are different from
 single-employer pension plan for the following reasons:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

Amounts contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer
 may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating
 employers.




 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the
 unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining
 participating employers.




 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 

If we choose to stop participating in the plan
 we may be
 required to pay the plan an amount based on the unfunded status of
 the plan
 referred to as the withdrawal liability.



The estimated withdrawal
 liability at June&#xA0;27
 2013 is not significant. Contributions
 to these plans for the last three fiscal years were not
 significant. The Pension Protection Act certified zone status was
 green as of June&#xA0;30
 2012 which was the date of the most
 recent annual funding notice.
 




        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 postemployment and postretirement benefit plans
 defined benefit pension plans
 defined contribution plans
 non-qualified and supplemental benefit plans
 deferred compensation
 share-based compensation
 life insurance
 severance
 health care
 unemployment and other benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation 12B
 -Number 240
 -Section 12b
 -Subsection 1

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation 12B
 -Number 240
 -Section 12b
 -Subsection 1


Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.












    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


Cost aggregating industrial development bonds
 collateralized by building
 machinery and equipment

000






        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used
 such as three months or six months LIBOR.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including current maturities
 which accrues interest at a set
 unchanging rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified




Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 14.F)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27013229&amp;loc=d3e301413-122809
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (h)(1)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 14
 -Section F

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (h)(1)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901













    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified















        
        
        
        


        

355

930
        


        
        
        
        


        

355

930
        


        

690)

724)
        


        

665

206
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

800

000

000



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

950

500

000



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

290
        






        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

585

882
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including current maturities and short-term debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













