

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-17-265655
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		118
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20170629
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170823
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170823
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANFILIPPO JOHN B & SON INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000880117
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				362419677
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0628
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19681
		FILM NUMBER:		171047284
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1703 N. RANDALL ROAD
		CITY:			ELGIN
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60123-7820
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-289-1800
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1703 N. RANDALL ROAD
		CITY:			ELGIN
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60123-7820











 


WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549 







For the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;29
 2017 




For the transition period from
 to



JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


















Elgin
 Illinois 60123 
(Address of Principal Executive Offices
 Zip Code) 
Registrant&#146;s telephone number
 including area code: 










Name of Each Exchange on Which
Registered

Common Stock
 $.01 par value per share






 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;. 

of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;. 
 (229.405 of this
chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 or
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer&#148;
 &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller
reporting company&#148; in Rule 
































 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in 
 was $593
573
553 as of December&nbsp;29
2016 (8
448
As of August&nbsp;11
 2017
 8
699
983 shares of the registrant&#146;s Common Stock
 $.01 par value
(&#147;Common Stock&#148;) and 2
597
426 shares of the registrant&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 $.01 par value (&#147;Class&nbsp;A Stock&#148;)
 were outstanding. The Class&nbsp;A Stock is convertible at the option of the holder at any time and
from time to time (and
 upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 automatically converts) into one share of Common Stock. 


 2017 are incorporated by
reference into Part III of this Form 




 
a. General Development of
John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. was formed as a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1979 as the successor by


 the terms &#147;we&#148;
 &#147;us&#148;
&#147;our&#148; or &#147;Company&#148; refer collectively to John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC. Our fiscal year ends on the final Thursday of June each year


 the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2016 consisted of fifty-three weeks with our fourth quarter containing fourteen weeks. Additional information on the
comparability of the periods presented is as follows: 





 2018. 





 fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 are to the fiscal years ended June&nbsp;29
 2017
&nbsp;June 30
 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015
 respectively. 

 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts
 almonds and other nuts in the United States. These nuts are sold

brand names. We also market and distribute
 and in most cases
 manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack
products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 cashew butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 snack bites
 sunflower kernels
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under private brands and brand
Information about us
 including our code of ethics



 and any amendments to those reports are made available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable
. The public may read
and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC&#146;s public reference room at 100&nbsp;F&nbsp;St.
 NE
 Washington


and should not be viewed as
 an incorporation by reference of the information contained on
 or available through
 the website. Therefore
 such information should not be considered part of this 
Our headquarters and executive offices are located at 1703&nbsp;North Randall Road
 Elgin
 Illinois 60123
 and our telephone number for investor



Part&nbsp;II
 Item&nbsp;8&nbsp;&#151; &#147;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&#148; for our net sales
c.
Narrative Description of Business 

 we are one of the leading processors and distributors of tree nuts and peanuts in the United States. Through a deliberate strategy of focused
capital expenditures and complementary acquisitions
 we have built a generally vertically integrated nut processing operation that enables us to control almost every step of the process for pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
 including procurement from
growers
 shelling
 processing
 packaging and marketing. Vertical integration allows us to enhance product quality and
 in most crop years
 purchase inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts at lower costs as opposed to purchasing these nut meats from
other shellers. We believe that our generally vertically integrated business model typically works to our advantage in terms of cost savings and provides us with better insight into crop development. Our generally vertically integrated model
however
 can under certain circumstances result in reduced earnings or losses. See Part&nbsp;I
Our
products are sold through the major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 and contract packaging customers. Selling through multiple distribution channels allows us to generate
multiple revenue opportunities for the nuts we process. For example
 pecan halves could be sold to food retailers
 and pecan pieces could be sold to commercial ingredient users. We process and sell all major nut types consumed in the United States
including peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts and almonds (our major nut types) in a wide variety of packaging
 thus offering our customers a complete nut product offering. 
 


 

 83% and 84% of our gross sales for fiscal 2017
 fiscal 2016
and fiscal 2015
 respectively. The nut product line includes almonds
 pecans
 peanuts
 black walnuts
 English walnuts
 cashews
 macadamia nuts
 pistachios
 pine nuts
 Brazil nuts
 and filberts. Our nut products are sold in numerous package styles
and sizes and we offer our nut products in a variety of different styles and seasonings. We sell our products domestically to retailers and wholesalers as well as to commercial ingredient and contract packaging customers. We also sell certain of our
products to foreign customers in the retail
 contract packaging and commercial ingredient markets. For more information about our revenues in our various distribution channels
 see Part&nbsp;II
 Item&nbsp;8&nbsp;&#151; &#147;Financial Statements and
We acquire a substantial portion of our peanuts
 pecans and walnuts directly from domestic growers. We purchase the balance of
our raw nuts from importers
We manufacture and market peanut butter in several sizes and varieties. We also
market and distribute
 and in many cases process and manufacture
 a wide assortment of other food and snack products. These other products include snack mixes
 salad toppings
 snacks
 snack bites
 trail mixes
 dried fruit and chocolate and yogurt
coated products sold to retailers and wholesalers; baking ingredients sold to retailers
 wholesalers
 and commercial ingredient customers; bulk food products sold to retail and commercial ingredient users; an assortment of sunflower kernels
pepitas
 snack mixes
 almond butter
 cashew butter
 candy and confections
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products sold to retail supermarkets
 mass merchandisers and commercial ingredient users and a wide variety of toppings for
ice cream and yogurt sold to commercial ingredient users. 

 commercial ingredient and contract packaging distribution channels. The consumer
 products
 including consumer-packaged and bulk products
 to retailers including supermarket chains
 wholesalers
 supercenters
 and other retail outlets
 across the United States. We
sell products through the consumer channel under our brand names
 including the 
 brands
 as well as under our customers&#146; private brands. The commercial ingredient channel
 products to other manufacturers to use as ingredients in their final food products such as bakery
 confection
 cereal and ice cream
 and produces
 products that are customized to the specifications of chefs
 national restaurant chains
 food service distributors
 fast food chains
 institutions and hotel kitchens. We sell products through the
 snacks for food manufacturers and marketers
We are dependent on a few significant customers for a majority of our total net sales
 particularly in the consumer channel.
Sales to our five largest customers represented approximately 60% of net sales in fiscal 2017
 Stores
 Inc. accounted
for approximately 28% of our net sales for fiscal 2017
 26% of our net sales in fiscal 2016 and 24% of our net sales for fiscal 2015. Net sales to Target Corporation accounted for approximately 14% of our net sales for all periods presented. Net
sales to PepsiCo Inc. accounted for approximately 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2017. Net sales to The WhiteWave Foods Company accounted for approximately 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2016. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of net
sales for any period presented. 

We distribute products from each of our principal facilities. The majority of our products are shipped from our facilities by contract and
 snack and baking products

Harvest
 bulk foods and other products produced by us and other vendors. 
 


 

brand awareness
 identifying and introducing new products
 attracting new customers
 increasing distribution and increasing consumption in the snack nut
 recipe nut and produce categories. Private brand and commercial ingredient channel efforts are
focused on category management
 new product identification and introduction
 brand awareness
A significant portion of our
branded marketing efforts are focused on consumer promotional campaigns that include advertisements (e.g.
 social media
 magazine
 newspaper
 internet and television)
 product sampling and coupon offers. Our integrated marketing efforts for the
 brand include sponsorships of celebrity chefs and professional sports franchises. Additionally
 shipper display units are utilized in retail stores in an effort to gain additional temporary product placement and to drive sales volume.
We work with third-party information agencies
 such as Information Resources
 Inc. (&#147;IRi&#148;)
 to monitor the effectiveness of our marketing and measure product growth
 particularly in comparison to our competition and the product category.
Commercial ingredient trade promotion includes periodically attending regional and national trade shows


 broad product portfolio
 product customization and packaging innovation. 

 funding of industry research and sponsorship of educational programs
 we support efforts to increase
awareness of the health benefits
 convenience and versatility of nuts as both a snack and a recipe ingredient among existing and future consumers of nuts. 
Our nuts and other
snack food products compete against products manufactured and sold by numerous other companies in the snack food industry
 some of whom are substantially larger and have greater resources than us. In the nut industry
 we compete with
 among others
The Kraft Heinz Company (Planters brand)
 Treehouse Foods
 Inc. and numerous regional snack food processors. We also compete with the Diamond and Emerald brands
 among others. Competitive factors in our markets include price
 product quality
customer service
 breadth of product line
 brand name awareness
 method of distribution and sales promotion. The combination of our generally vertically integrated operating model with respect to pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
 our product quality
product offering
 brand strength
 innovation
 distribution model and the fact that we focus on nut and nut related products generally enable us to compete in each of these categories
 but there can be no guarantee that our products will continue to
be competitive with many of our larger competitors. See Part&nbsp;I
(vii) Raw
We purchase nuts from domestic and foreign sources. In fiscal 2017
 all of our walnuts
 almonds and peanuts were purchased from
domestic sources. We purchase our pecans from the southern United States and Mexico. Cashew nuts are imported from Vietnam
 India
 Brazil and certain West African countries. For fiscal 2017
 approximately 41% of the dollar value of our total nut
Competition in the nut shelling industry is driven by shellers&#146; ability to access and purchase raw nuts
 to
shell the nuts efficiently and to sell the nuts to processors. We shell all major domestic nut types
 with the exception of almonds
 and are among a few select shellers who further process
 package and sell nuts to the
 Raw material pricing pressure and the high cost of equipment automation have previously contributed to a consolidation among shellers across all nut types
 especially peanuts and pecans. 

 peanuts and walnuts and
 unlike our major consumer distribution channel competitors who
purchase nuts on the open market
 we purchase a substantial portion of our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers. However
 there are risks associated with vertical integration
 such as susceptibility to market price volatility for
pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. See Part&nbsp;I
Due
 in part
 to the seasonal nature of the industry
 we
maintain significant inventories of peanuts
 pecans and walnuts at certain times of the year
 especially in the second and third quarters of our fiscal year. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts and walnuts and other nuts may affect
the value of our inventory and thus may also affect our gross profit and gross profit margin. See Part&nbsp;I
 Item&nbsp;1A&nbsp;&#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148;. 
 



items such as roasting oils
 seasonings
 plastic jars
 labels
 bags
 composite and clear-plastic cans and other packaging materials from other third parties. Material costs
 including tree nuts
peanuts
(viii)
We market our products primarily under name brands

Sunshine Country
Fisher
are registered as trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as well as in various other foreign jurisdictions. We do not own any trademarks for any private
brands
 which are owned by the respective private brand customer. Our trademarks are important as they provide our customers with information about the quality of our products. However
 registration and use of our trademarks in foreign jurisdictions
may be subject to certain risks in addition to other risks generally related to our intellectual property. See Part&nbsp;I
 Item&nbsp;1A&nbsp;&#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148;. We also own several patents of various durations. We expect to continue to
renew for the foreseeable future those trademarks that are important to our business and expand registration of our trademarks into new jurisdictions. We intend to protect our intellectual property rights vigorously. 
As of June&nbsp;29
 2017
we had approximately 1
325 full-time employees
 including approximately 240 corporate staff employees. 

 pecans and walnuts
three of our principal raw materials
 are primarily purchased between September and February and are processed throughout the year until the following harvest. As a result of this seasonality
 our personnel requirements rise during the last quarter
(xi) Backlog
Because the time between order and shipment is usually less than three weeks
 we believe that any backlog as of a particular date is not material to
an understanding of our business as a whole. 

 including the
presence of shell fragments
 foreign objects
 insects
 foreign substances
 pathogens
 chemicals
 aflatoxin and other agents
 or residues introduced during the growing
 storage
 handling or transportation phases. We (i)&nbsp;maintain what we believe
to be rigid quality control standards and food safety systems and are SQF 2000 Code Level&nbsp;2 certified
 (ii)&nbsp;generally inspect our nut and other food products by visual examination
 metal detectors or electronic monitors at various stages
of our shelling and processing operations
 (iii)&nbsp;work with the United States Department of Agriculture (&#147;USDA&#148;) in its inspection of peanuts shipped to and from our peanut shelling facilities
 (iv)&nbsp;maintain environmental pathogen
programs
 and (v)&nbsp;seek to comply with the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act by labeling each product that we sell with labels that disclose the nutritional value and content of each of our products; however
 no assurance can be given that
some nut or other food products sold by us may not contain or develop harmful substances. In order to mitigate this risk
 we strive to select high-quality nut suppliers and currently maintain product liability and contaminated product insurance at
amounts we believe are adequate in light of our operations. 
 


 

 and therefore
 an investment in our Common Stock is subject to risks and uncertainties. The factors
described below could materially and adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. While each risk is described separately
 some of these risks are interrelated and it is possible that certain risks could trigger the
applicability of other risks described below. Also
 the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us
 or that we view as not rising to the level of being
material
 could also potentially impair our business
 results of operations and financial condition. Investors should consider the following factors



 Item&nbsp;7&nbsp;&#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&nbsp;&#151; Liquidity and Capital Resources&#148;
We Cannot Control the Availability or Cost of Raw Materials and this May Have a Material Adverse
Effect on Our Results of Operations
The availability and cost of raw materials for the production of our
products
 including peanuts
 pecans
 almonds
 cashews
 walnuts and other nuts are subject to crop size and yield fluctuations caused by factors beyond our control
 such as weather conditions
 natural disasters (including floods
 droughts
 frosts
earthquakes and hurricanes)
 changing climate patterns
 plant diseases
 foreign currency fluctuations
 trade agreements and embargos
 import/export controls
 political change and unrest
 changes in global customer demand
 changes in government
agricultural programs and purchasing behavior of certain countries
 including China and India. Additionally
 any determination by the USDA or other government agencies that certain pesticides
 herbicides or other chemicals used by growers have left
harmful residues on portions of the crop or that any portion of the crop has been contaminated by aflatoxin or other agents
 or any future product recalls for other reasons could reduce the supply of edible nuts and other raw materials used in our
Because these raw materials are commodities
 their prices are set by the market and can
therefore fluctuate quickly and dramatically due to varied events
 such as those described above. Furthermore
 we are not able to hedge against changes in nut commodity prices because no appropriate futures
 derivative or other risk-sharing market
for these commodities exists. Consequently
 in order to achieve or maintain profitability levels
 we attempt to increase the prices of our products to reflect the increase in the costs of the raw materials that we use and sell. However
 we may not
be successful in passing along partial or full price increases to our customers
 if at all. In addition
 even if we are successful in passing across partial or full price increases
 we may not be able to do so in a timely fashion. Our ability to
raise prices and the timing of any price increases is often dependent upon the actions of our competitors
 some of whom are significantly larger and more diversified than we are or own farms which produce the raw materials. Additionally
 any such
product price increase that we are able to pass along to our customers may ultimately reduce the demand for
 and sales of
 our products as customers reduce purchases or buy lower priced products. Alternatively
 if the prices of any raw materials
significantly decrease and we have inventories of such materials on hand
 we may be unable to reduce product prices without impacting our gross margin. Any competitors who purchase such material on the open market or own the farms which produce the
raw materials may be able to reduce prices in a more timely manner and we could lose market share to such competitors. Any one or more of the foregoing aspects may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 cash flows and financial
Moreover
 fluctuations in the market prices of nuts may affect the value of our inventories and profitability. We maintain significant
inventories of nuts
 and our financial condition could be materially and adversely affected by any significant decrease in the market price of such raw materials. See Part&nbsp;II
 Item&nbsp;7&nbsp;&#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and
Significant Private Brand Competitive
Some customer buying decisions
 including some of
our largest customers
 are based upon a periodic bidding process in which the single
 successful bidder is assured the selling of the selected product to the food retailer
 supercenter or mass merchandiser until the next bidding process to the
exclusion of other bidders. Our sales volume may decrease significantly if our bids are too high and we lose the ability to sell products through these channels
 even temporarily. Alternatively
 we risk reducing our margins if our bids are
successful but below our desired price points. In addition
 margins could be further reduced if commodity prices subsequently rise and customers are unwilling or unable to accept price increases. Should any of our significant customers elect to
introduce or expand their private brand programs and we do not participate in such programs or the programs directly compete against our branded products
 our sales volume could be negatively impacted. Any of these outcomes may materially and
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 


Our Inability to Manage Successfully the Price Gap Between our Private Brand Snack Nut Products and Those
Although demand for private brand snack nut products (and
our private brand snack nut products in particular) has increased
 our competitors&#146; branded snack nut products have certain advantages over our private brand snack nut products primarily due to their advertising strategies
 perceived product
attributes
At the retail level
 private brand snack nut products generally sell at a discount to those of
branded competitors. If branded competitors reduce the price of their products
 the price of branded snack nut products offered to consumers may approximate the prices of our private brand snack nut products. Further
 promotional activities by
branded competitors such as temporary price reductions
 offerings
and coupons
 have the same general effect as price decreases. Price decreases initiated by branded competitors could result in a decline in the demand for our private brand snack nut products
 which could negatively impact our sales volumes and
In addition
 many
of our competitors with significant branded operations have more diversified product offerings among a wider variety of food categories than we have. Such competitors could
 as a result of their size or diversified offerings
 be in a better position
to decrease their prices or offer better promotions for their branded snack nut products. If competitors are able to exploit their size or diversification to make significant price reductions and offer better promotions
 it could decrease our
private brand snack nut sales
Changing Consumer Preferences and Demand
Our financial performance depends in part on our ability
to anticipate and offer products to our customers that appeal to their preferences. Consumer preferences
 whether for branded products or private brand products or how consumers purchase such products
 can quickly change based on a number of factors
beyond our control. If we fail to anticipate
 identify or react quickly to these changes and are unable to develop and market new and improved products to meet consumer preferences
 demand for our products could suffer. In addition
 demand for our
products could be affected by consumer concerns regarding the health effects of nutrients or ingredients in any of our products. The development and introduction of new products requires substantial research and development
 testing and marketing
expenditures
 which we may be unable to fully recover if the new products do not achieve the necessary commercial success. New product introduction also results in increased costs
 including from the use of new manufacturing techniques
 capital
expenditures
 new raw materials and ingredients
 and additional marketing and trade spending. Consumers are also purchasing food products outside traditional retail supermarkets
 including via the Internet. If we are unable to provide our customers
with our products outside traditional retail supermarkets
 demand for our products could suffer. Reduction in demand as a result of changing consumer preferences or inability to provide consumers with products they demand could materially and
Negative Consumer Perception About Our Branded Products Could Have a Material
Our ability to develop
 maintain and continually enhance the value of our
branded products is critical to improving our operating and financial performance and implementing our Strategic Plan. The value of our branded products is based in large part on the degree to which consumers react and respond positively to these
brands. Our brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors
 including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible or reckless manner
 adverse publicity about our products (whether actual or fictitious)
 our
failure to maintain the quality of our products
 the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences
 concerns about food safety or allergies
 or our products becoming unavailable to consumers. 

 our success in enhancing the value of branded products depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment. We increasingly
rely on social media and online advertising campaigns as well as advertising outside of traditional print and television channels. Negative posts or comments (whether actual or fictitious) about us or the type of products we produce
 market or sell
on online social networks
 product review sites or similar online activity could seriously impact consumer demand for our products. We are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions on how we market and advertise our products. These
restrictions may limit our ability to respond as the media and communications environment continues to evolve. If we do not react appropriately
 then our product sales
 financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely
We Sometimes Enter Into Fixed Price Commitments without First Knowing Our Acquisition Costs
 Which Could Have a Material Adverse Effect
We enter into fixed price commitments with a portion of our commercial ingredient sales
customers and certain other customers. The commitments are for a fixed period of time
 typically three months to twelve months
 but may be extended if remaining balances exist. Such commitments with a term of six months or more represented
approximately 9% of our annual net sales in fiscal 2017. Sometimes we enter into fixed price commitments with respect to certain of our nut products before fixing our acquisition costs in order to maintain customer relationships or when
 in
management&#146;s judgment
 market or crop harvest conditions so warrant. To the extent we do so and our fixed prices are not properly aligned with our acquisition costs
 then these fixed price commitments may result in reduced or negative gross
profit margins which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 


Our Generally Vertically Integrated Model Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations
We have a generally vertically integrated nut processing operation that enables us to control almost every step of the process for pecans
 peanuts
and walnuts
 including procurement from growers. Our generally vertically integrated model has in the past resulted
 and may in the future result
 in significant losses because we are subject to the various risks associated with purchasing a
majority of our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers
 including the risk of purchasing such products from growers at costs that later
 due to altered market conditions
 prove to be above prevailing market prices at time of sale.
Accordingly
 because we purchase a majority of our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers during harvest season and shell and process these nuts throughout our fiscal year
 there is a possibility that
 after we acquire these nuts
 market
conditions may change and we will be forced to sell these nuts at reduced prices relative to our acquisition costs
 or even at a loss which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 


 among others
 brand recognition
 taste
 flavor
 quality
 price
advertising
 promotion
 convenience and service. Our principal products compete against food and snack products manufactured and sold by numerous regional
 national and international companies
 some of which are substantially larger and have greater
resources than us
 such as The Kraft Heinz Company (Planters brand) and Treehouse Foods
 Inc. Most of our competitors that sell and market the other top branded snack nut products have committed more financial
 marketing and other resources to such
brands when compared to the resources spent by us on our brands. Additionally
 many retail customers have continued to emphasize their own private label offerings as a key part of their strategy and may develop or expand their own private label nut
and nut product offerings
 to the exclusion of our branded products. Many of our competitors buy their nuts on the open market and are thus not exposed to the risks of purchasing inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers at fixed
prices that later
 due to altered market conditions
 may prove to be above prevailing market prices. We also compete with other shellers in the commercial ingredient market and with regional processors in the retail and wholesale markets. In order
to maintain or increase our market share
 we must continue to price our products competitively and spend on marketing
 advertising
 new product innovation and shelf placement and slotting fees
 which may cause a decline in gross profit margin if we
are unable to increase sales volume as well as reduce our costs
 which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
We are Dependent Upon Certain Significant Customers Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition
 Cash Flows and Results of
We are dependent on a few significant customers for a large portion of our total net sales
 particularly in the consumer channel. Sales
to our five largest customers represented approximately 60%
 62% and 61% of net sales in fiscal 2017
 fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015
 respectively. There can be no assurance that all significant customers will continue to purchase our products in the
same quantities
 same product mix or on the same terms as in the past
 particularly as increasingly powerful retailers may demand lower pricing
 different packaging
 larger marketing support
 payments for retail space
 establish private brands or
request other terms of sale which negatively impact our profitability. A loss of one of our largest customers
 a material decrease in purchases by one of our largest customers
 the inability to collect a receivable from or a significant business
interruption at one of our largest customers would result in decreased sales and would materially and adversely affect our results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows. 
We are Subject to Customer Pricing Pressures and Retail Consolidation Trends Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and
As the retail grocery trade continues to consolidate and our retail customers grow larger
 become more sophisticated and
obtain more purchasing power
 our retail customers are demanding lower pricing
 especially private brand customers
 and increased free or discounted promotional programs. Further
 these retail customers may begin to place a greater emphasis on the
lowest-cost supplier in making purchasing decisions
 especially during periods of increased or variable raw material acquisition costs. An increased focus on the lowest-cost supplier could reduce the benefits of some of our competitive advantages
which include a focus on customer service
 innovation
 production capacity
 category management and quality. As the retail environment consolidates
 many customers are reducing inventories or focusing on a limited number of brands (often the number
one or number two brand by market share) in making purchasing decisions. In addition
 certain customers in the retail channel
 such as dollar stores and other discount sellers
 have become increasingly sophisticated and may demand similar pricing to
retail grocery customers. As part of the retail consolidation trend
 diversified companies with substantial Internet presences have increased their food offerings or purchased retail supermarkets to expand their grocery business
 particularly as
such companies focus on food delivery direct to consumers. Such companies have substantial pricing power and may focus on their products to the exclusion of our products. If we fail to respond to these trends
 our sales volume growth could suffer
and it may become necessary to lower our prices and increase promotional support of our products
 any of which would materially and adversely affect our gross profit and gross profit margin and could materially and adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations. 
 


Food Safety
 Allergy and Product Contamination Concerns Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our
If consumers in our principal markets lose confidence in the health or safety of nut products
particularly with respect to peanut and tree nut allergies
 food borne illnesses or other food safety matters
 this could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Individuals with nut allergies may be at
risk of serious illness or death resulting from the consumption of our nut products
 including consumption of other companies&#146; products containing our products as an ingredient. Notwithstanding our existing food safety controls
 we process
peanuts and tree nuts on the same equipment
 and there is no guarantee that our other products will not be cross-contaminated. Concerns generated by risks of peanut and tree nut cross-contamination and other food safety matters
 including food borne
illnesses
 may discourage consumers from buying our products
 cause production and delivery disruptions
 or result in product recalls. Product safety issues (i)&nbsp;concerning products not manufactured
 distributed or sold by us and
(ii)&nbsp;concerning products we manufacture
 distribute and sell
 may materially and adversely affect demand for products in the nut industry as a whole
 including products without actual safety problems. Decreases in demand for products in the
industry generally could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition
 the cooling system at our Elgin
 Illinois facility utilizes ammonia. If a leak in the system were to occur
 there is a
possibility that the inventory in cold storage at our Elgin
 Illinois facility could be destroyed which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
The Risk Assessment Conducted by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on the Risks of Tree Nuts May Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Financial
Condition
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&#147;FDA&#148;) is assessing the risks of Salmonella
contamination associated with tree nuts. This assessment
 which includes randomly sampling tree nuts in the marketplace
 has resulted in product recalls in the nut industry. The results and impact of this risk assessment and recalls based on
sampling could also lead to increased industry-specific regulation and/or additional risk-based preventive controls which may result in increased compliance costs
 capital expenditures to meet 
requirements and reputation risks to our branded and private brand products. Recalls or significant expenditures to satisfy FDA requirements could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. 
Product Liability
 Product Recalls
 Product Labeling and Product Advertising Claims May Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations and
We face risks associated with product liability claims
 product recalls and other liabilities in the event:&nbsp;(i) our food safety
and quality control procedures are ineffective or fail
 (ii)&nbsp;we procure products from third parties that are or become subject to a recall
 regardless of&nbsp;whether or not our food safety and quality&nbsp;control procedures are ineffective or
fail
 (iii)&nbsp;our products cause injury or become adulterated or misbranded
 (iv)&nbsp;our products are determined to be promoted or labeled in a misleading fashion
 (v)&nbsp;government authorities test our products and determine that they
contain a contaminant or present a food safety risk
 (vi)&nbsp;our products are tampered with
 or (vii)&nbsp;one of our competitors is subject to claims
 recalls or other liabilities involving products similar to ours. In recent years
 the food
industry has been a target of litigation over product labeling and advertising
 including nut products. Such litigation results in significant costs to defend and resolve. In addition
 we do not control the labeling of other companies&#146; products
containing our products as an ingredient. A product recall of a sufficient quantity
 a significant product liability judgment against us
 a significant advertising-related liability or judgment against us or other safety concerns (whether actual or
claimed) could cause our products to be unavailable for a period of time
 could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our products and expose us to liabilities in excess of any insurance we maintain for such events. If these kinds of events
were to occur
 they would have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products and
 consequently
 our results of operations and cash flows. 
We are Dependent on Certain Key Personnel and the Loss of Any of Their Services Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations
Our future success will be largely dependent on the personal efforts of our senior operating management team
 including Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
Chief Executive Officer
 Michael J. Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary
 James A. Valentine
 Chief Information Officer and Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Chief Operating Officer
 President and Assistant Secretary. We
believe that the expertise and knowledge of these individuals in the industry
 and in their respective fields
 is a critical factor to our growth and success. Although some of our officers own significant amounts of our Class&nbsp;A Stock
 these
 agreement with us
 nor do we have key officer insurance coverage policies in effect. The departure of any of these individuals could have a
material adverse effect on our business and prospects and that in turn would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our success is also dependent upon our ability to attract and retain additional qualified personnel
 and there
can be no assurance that we will be able to do so. 
 


We are Subject to Government Regulation Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Results of
We are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA
 the USDA
 the United States Environmental Protection Agency (&#147;EPA&#148;) and
other state
 local and foreign authorities in jurisdictions where our products are manufactured
 processed or sold. Among other things
 these regulations govern the manufacturing
 importation
 processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
advertising and labeling of our products. Our manufacturing and processing facilities and products are subject to periodic compliance inspections by federal
 state
 local and foreign authorities. We are also subject to environmental regulations
governing the discharge of air emissions
 water and food waste
 the usage and storage of pesticides
 and the generation
 handling
 storage
 transportation
 treatment and disposal of waste materials. Amendments to existing statutes and regulations
adoption of new statutes and regulations
 increased production at our existing facilities as well as our expansion into new operations and jurisdictions
 may require us to obtain additional licenses and permits and could require us to adapt or alter
methods of operations at costs that could be substantial. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be time-consuming
 expensive or costly to us in different ways and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Failure
to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 as well as possible criminal sanctions
 which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 

 
 such as taxes
 tariffs
 duties
 subsidies
 incentives
 and import and export
restrictions on agricultural commodities and commodity products
 can influence the planting
 location and size of certain crops
 whether commodity products are traded
 the volume and types of imports and exports
 and the viability and volume of
production of certain of our products. In addition
 international trade disputes can adversely affect commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. Future government policies may adversely affect the supply of
demand for
 and prices of our products
 restrict our ability to do business in its existing and target markets
 and negatively impact our revenues and operating results. 

 including increased
inspections and mandatory recalls
 as well as stricter enforcement actions
 each of which could result in additional compliance costs and civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 withdrawals
 recalls or seizures and confiscations. The FSMA
further instructed the FDA to develop new rules and regulations
 including the performance of hazard analyses
 implementation of preventive plans to control hazards
 and foreign supplier verification provisions. We currently have &#147;hazard
analysis and critical control points&#148; (&#147;HACCP&#148;) procedures in place that may appropriately address many of the existing or future concerns as a result of FSMA; however
 the new FDA rules and regulations will likely require us to
change certain of our operational processes and procedures
 and implement new ones
 and there could also be unforeseen issues
 requirements and costs that arise from these new FDA rules and regulations. HACCP is a management system in which food
safety is addressed through the analysis and control of hazards from raw material production
 procurement and handling
 to manufacturing
 distribution and consumption of the finished product. 

entities
 including the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 the SEC
 the Department of Justice and the Nasdaq Global Select Market
 have issued a significant number of new and increasingly complex requirements and regulations over the last
several years and continue to develop additional regulations and requirements in response to laws enacted by Congress. Our efforts to comply with these requirements have resulted in
 and are likely to continue to result in
 an increase in expenses
and a diversion of management&#146;s time from other business activities. Failure to comply with any law or regulation could subject us to civil or criminal remedies
 including fines and injunctions
 which could materially and adversely affect our
Operational
 Legal
 Economic
 Political and Social Risks of Doing Business in Emerging Markets and Other Foreign Countries
Approximately 41% of the dollar value of our total nut purchases for fiscal 2017
were made from foreign countries. We purchase our cashews from Vietnam
 India
 Brazil and certain West African countries and some of our pecans from Mexico. To this extent
 we are exposed to various risks inherent in emerging markets
 including
increased governmental ownership and regulation of the economy
 greater likelihood of inflation and adverse economic conditions
 governmental attempts to control inflation
 such as setting interest rates and maintaining wage and price controls
supply reduction into the United States from increased demand in foreign countries
 international competition
 compliance with
 and subjection to
 foreign laws
 including our ability to protect our intellectual property
 such as our brands
compliance with U.S. laws and regulations related to conduct in foreign countries
 such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 currency exchange rates
 potential for contractual defaults or forced renegotiations on purchase contracts with limited
legal recourse
 tariffs
 quotas
 duties
 import and export restrictions and other barriers to trade that may reduce our profitability or sales and civil unrest
 armed hostilities and significant political instability. 

pecans and other imported raw materials and limit our ability to make international sales
 and may materially and adversely affect our results of operations by increasing the costs of doing business overseas. 
 


The Way in Which We Measure Inventory May Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations
We acquire our inshell nut inventories of pecans
 peanuts and walnuts from growers and farmers in large quantities at harvest times
 which are
primarily during the second and third quarters of our fiscal year
 and receive nut shipments in bulk truckloads. The weights of these nuts are measured using truck scales at the time of receipt
 and inventories are recorded on the basis of those
measurements. The nuts are then stored in bulk in large warehouses to be shelled or processed throughout the year. Bulk-stored nut inventories are relieved on the basis of continuous high-speed bulk weighing systems as the nuts are shelled or
processed or on the basis of calculations derived from the weight of the shelled nuts that are produced. While we perform various procedures periodically to confirm the accuracy of our bulk-stored nut inventories
 these inventories are estimates
that must be periodically adjusted to account for positive or negative variations in quantities and yields
 and such adjustments directly affect earnings. The quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a
ten to fifteen-month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates
 which historically averaged less than 1.0% of inventory purchases
 are also recorded. The precise amount of our bulk-stored nut inventories is not known until the entire quantity
of the particular nut is depleted
 which may not necessarily occur every year. Prior crop year inventories may still be on hand as the new crop year inventories are purchased. The majority of bulk-stored nut inventories at June&nbsp;29
 2017 will be
processed during the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and any adjustment to our bulk stored nut inventory quantity will be recorded at that time. There can be no assurance that any bulk stored nut inventory quantity adjustments will not have a material
Certain of Our Stockholders Possess a Majority of Aggregate Voting Power in the Company
and Members of The Sanfilippo Group Have Pledged a Substantial Amount of their Class&nbsp;A Stock
 Which May Make a Takeover or Change in Control More or Less Difficult and Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and Results of
As of August&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2017
 Jasper B. Sanfilippo Sr.
 Marian Sanfilippo
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Lisa A.
Sanfilippo
 John E. Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo (the &#147;Sanfilippo Group&#148;) own or control Common Stock (one vote per share) and Class&nbsp;A Stock (ten votes per share on all matters other than the election of Common Stock directors)
representing approximately a 51.0% voting interest in the Company. As of August&nbsp;23
 2017
 Michael J. Valentine and Mathias A. Valentine (the &#147;Valentine Group&#148;) own or control Common Stock (one vote per share) and Class&nbsp;A Stock
(ten votes per share on all matters other than the election of Common Stock directors) representing approximately a 24.0% voting interest in the Company. In addition
 the Sanfilippo Group and the Valentine Group as holders of the Class&nbsp;A Stock
are entitled to elect six Class&nbsp;A Directors which represents 67% of our entire Board of Directors. As a result
 the Sanfilippo Group and the Valentine Group together are able to direct the election of a majority of the members to the Board of
Directors. In addition
 the Sanfilippo Group is able to exert certain influence on our business
 or take certain actions
 that cannot be counteracted by another stockholder or group of stockholders. The Sanfilippo Group is able to determine the
outcome of nearly all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders
 including any amendments to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws. The Sanfilippo Group has the power to prevent or cause dividends
 or a change in control or sale of the
Company
 which may or may not be in the best interests of other stockholders
 and can take other actions that may be less favorable to other stockholders and more favorable to the Sanfilippo Group
 subject to applicable legal limitations
 which
could materially and adversely affect our financial condition
In addition
 several members of the Sanfilippo Group
that beneficially own a significant interest in our Company have pledged a substantial portion of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Stock that they own to secure loans made to them by commercial banks. If a stockholder defaults on any of its
obligations under these pledge agreements or the related loan documents
 these banks may have the right to sell the pledged shares. Such a sale could cause our Company&#146;s stock price to decline. Many of the occurrences that could result in a
foreclosure of the pledged shares are out of our control and are unrelated to our operations. Because these shares are pledged to secure loans
 the occurrence of an event of default could result in a sale of pledged shares that could cause a change
of control of our Company
 even when such a change may not be in the best interests of our stockholders
 and it could also result in a default under certain material contracts to which we are a party
 including an event of default under the Credit
Agreement by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance (f/k/a Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC)
 as the arranger and administrative agent and a syndicate of lenders
 dated February&nbsp;7
 2008 (as amended
 the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;)
 which
could materially and adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. 
 


Essentially all of Our Real Property is Encumbered
 Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Ability
to Obtain Additional Capital if Required Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition
 Results of Operations and Cash Flows 

 which is secured by essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
California and Garysburg
 North Carolina. Because essentially all of our owned real property is encumbered
 such properties are not available as a means of securing further capital in the event that additional capital is required because of
unexpected events
 losses or other circumstances
 which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. 
General Economic Conditions and Increased Production Costs Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and Results of Operations
General economic conditions and the effects of a recession
 including uncertainty in economic conditions and an economic downturn
 and political
uncertainties
 including political action or inaction having an impact on the economy
 could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations
 results of operations and financial condition. These conditions may include
 among other
things
 higher unemployment
 increased commodity costs
 increased raw material costs
 increased packaging material prices
 decreases or alterations in consumer demand
 changes in buying patterns
 adverse changes in tax rates
 interest rate and
capital market volatility
 adverse changes in the purchasing power of the U.S. dollar and higher general water
 energy
 transportation and fuel costs. Maintaining the prices of our products
 initiating price increases (including passing along price
increases for commodities used in our products) and increasing the demand for our products (especially when prices for our products are decreasing due to commodity price decreases)
 all of which are important to our plans to increase profitability
may be materially and adversely affected by general economic conditions and increases in production costs. Among other considerations
 nuts and our other products are not essential products and therefore demand and sales volume could decrease. In
addition
 a general economic downturn could cause one or more of our vendors
 suppliers
 distributors and customers to experience cash flow problems and
 therefore
 such vendors
 suppliers
 distributors and customers may be forced to reduce their
output
 shut down their operations or file for bankruptcy protection
 which in some cases would make it difficult for us to continue production of certain products
 could require us to reduce sales of our products or could result in uncollectable
accounts receivable. Financial difficulties or solvency problems at these vendors
 suppliers and distributors could materially adversely affect their ability to supply us with products or adequate products
 which could disrupt our operations. It may
be difficult to find a replacement for certain vendors
 suppliers or distributors without significant delay or increase in cost. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 


 and we may become the subject of litigation and investigations in the future
 which may
include lawsuits or claims related to contracts
 intellectual property
 product recalls
 product liability
 the marketing and labeling of products
 employment matters
 wage and hour matters
 environmental matters or other aspects of our business.
Plaintiffs or regulatory bodies could seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts
 and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to lawsuits and investigations is difficult to accurately estimate.&nbsp;Regardless of whether any claims
against us are valid
 or whether we are ultimately held liable
 such litigation and investigations may be expensive to defend and may divert time
 money and management attention away from our operations and negatively impact our financial
performance.&nbsp;We maintain insurance in amounts we believe to be adequate based on our business operations. However
 we may incur claims or liabilities for which we are not insured
 that exceed the amount of our insurance coverage or that our
insurers may raise various objections and exceptions to coverage. A judgment or settlement for significant monetary damages or requiring other significant changes to our business or assets could materially and adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations.&nbsp;Any adverse publicity resulting from allegations or investigations may also adversely affect our reputation and the reputation of our products
 which in turn could materially and adversely affect our
Technology Disruptions
 Failures or Breaches Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial
We depend on information technology to maintain and streamline our operations
 including
 among other things
(i)&nbsp;interfacing with our locations
 customers and suppliers
 (ii)&nbsp;complying with financial reporting
 legal and tax regulatory requirements
 (iii)&nbsp;maintaining logistics
 inventory control and monitoring systems and (iv)&nbsp;providing
us with real-time feedback about our business. Like other companies
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control
 including natural disasters
 terrorist attacks
telecommunications failures
 outages during replacement or upgrades
 computer viruses
 hardware failures
 power outages
 hackers
 ransomware attacks
 cyber risks and other security issues. We have technology security initiatives
 cyber insurance and
disaster recovery plans in place to mitigate our risk to these vulnerabilities
 but these measures may not be adequate
 particularly as the global dependence on technology increases. In addition
 if we are unable to prevent security breaches or
 information
 we may suffer financial and reputational damage
 litigation or remediation costs or penalties because of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging
to us or to our customers
 consumers
 or suppliers. 
 



 we have outsourced several information technology support services and administrative functions to
third-party service providers
 and may outsource other functions in the future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. If the service providers to which we outsource these functions do not perform effectively
 we may not be able to achieve the
expected cost savings and may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers. Depending on the function involved
 such errors may also lead to business disruption
 processing inefficiencies
 the loss of or damage to
intellectual property through security breach
 the loss of sensitive data through security breach
 or otherwise. While we or any third party service provider have not experienced any significant disruption
 failure or breach impacting our
information technology systems
 any such disruption
 failure or breach could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
Our Products are Processed at a Limited Number of Production Facilities and any Significant Disruption at any of Our Production Facilities or Disruption
Our products are shelled
manufactured or otherwise processed at our five production facilities. However
 products
 including the shelling of peanuts
 walnuts and pecans and processing and packaging of
certain other products
 are conducted only at a single location. If any of these production facilities experiences a disruption for any reason
 including a work stoppage
 power failure
 fire
 pandemic
 terrorism or weather related condition or
natural disaster
 this could result in a significant reduction or elimination of the availability of some of our products. In addition
 a dispute with
 or disruption at
 a significant third party supplier
 service provider or distributor may impact
our ability to produce
 package
 market
 transport and sell our products. If we were not able to obtain alternate production
 shelling or processing capability in a timely manner or on satisfactory terms
 this could have a material adverse effect on
Inability to Protect Our Intellectual Property or Avoid Intellectual Property Disputes Could
We consider our intellectual property rights
 particularly and

 trademarks)
 but also our patents
 trade secrets
 copyrights and licensing agreements
to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent
 service mark
 trademark
 copyright and trade secret laws
 as well as licensing agreements
 third party
nondisclosure and assignment agreements and policing of third party misuses of our intellectual property both domestically and internationally. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our trademarks
 products
 new features of our products
 or
our trade secrets and technology
 or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property
 may diminish our competitiveness and could materially and adversely affect our
In addition
 we may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our
technology
 brands or products. Any disputes regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Third party claims of
intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly license agreements. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products if found to be liable for infringing
Unsuccessful Implementation
We developed a strategic plan (the
&#147;Strategic Plan&#148;)
 most recently updated in fiscal 2016
 to help us achieve long-term profitable growth. As part of this Strategic Plan
 we have taken a number of actions including
 among other things
 promotion of our branded and snack
nut products
 business at existing key customers. We are taking
these actions in order to increase sales in all of our distribution channels. There are no assurances that we will be successful in achieving any portion of our Strategic Plan
 or any other efficiency measures. 

 we have in the past
 as part of our Strategic Plan
 engaged in strategic acquisitions and joint ventures. However
 we may be unable to
successfully manage completed acquisitions or joint ventures
 identify additional acquisitions or joint ventures
 or negotiate favorable financial or other terms with third parties which are attractive or advantageous to grow or otherwise supplement
our existing business. In addition
 the identification and completion of any acquisition or joint venture may divert management&#146;s attention from ordinary business matters
 or
ongoing advisory costs
 result in the loss of employees or customers of our business or the acquired business
 involve the assumption of unknown and potentially significant liabilities or result in impairment charges if the assumptions underlying
the purchase are not satisfied. Due to various uncertainties inherent in such activities
 we may be unable to achieve a substantial portion of any anticipated benefits or cost savings from previous acquisitions or joint ventures or other anticipated
benefits in the timeframe we anticipate
Any inability to realize the anticipated benefits from the Strategic Plan could materially and
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 


Increases in Labor Costs or Work Stoppages or Strikes Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial
As the number of our employees has grown
 personnel costs
 including the costs of medical and other employee
health and welfare benefits
 have increased. These costs can vary substantially as a result of an increase in the number
 mix and experience of our employees and changes in health care and other employment-related laws. There are no assurances that
we will succeed in reducing future increases in such costs
 particularly if government regulations require us to change our health and welfare benefits
 government regulations impose additional monitoring and compliance expenses or we need to
attract and retain additional qualified personnel. Our inability to control such costs could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

 if a significant number of our employees engaged in a work slowdown
 or other type of labor unrest
 it
could in some cases impair our ability to supply our products to customers
 which could result in reduced sales
 and may distract our management from focusing on our business and strategic priorities. Any of these activities could materially and
We Cannot Guarantee the Timing
 Amount or Payment of Dividends 

Class&nbsp;A Stock
 whether any such subsequent dividend (or any special dividend) is declared and the timing and amount thereof is subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors. Decisions of the Board of Directors in respect of dividends will
be based on a variety of factors
 including the cash flows
 earnings and financial position of the Company as well as the borrowing availability and other restrictions under our Credit Facility. The Board of Directors is not required to declare
dividends and the number and amount of dividends is restricted under our Credit Facility and could be restricted under future financing or other arrangements. The Board of Directors will also regularly review and may modify or terminate our dividend
policy. Accordingly
 we cannot provide any assurances that our Company will pay annual or special cash dividends in the future
 and if so
 the amount or timing thereof. Any reduction in or elimination of our dividend policy or dividend payments
could have a negative effect on the price of our Common Stock. 
 


 


 Illinois site which also houses
our primary manufacturing operations and corporate headquarters (the &#147;Elgin Site&#148;). The remaining principal production facilities are located in Bainbridge
 Georgia; Garysburg
 North Carolina; Selma
 Texas and Gustine
 California. In
addition
As described below in Part II
 Item&nbsp;7&nbsp;&#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&nbsp;&#151; Liquidity and Capital Resources&#148;
 the Mortgage Facility (as defined below) is secured by mortgages on essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina. 
The following table provides
certain information regarding our principal facilities: 


























Constructed



Bainbridge
 Georgia








Peanut shelling
 purchasing
 processing
 packaging













Garysburg
 North Carolina








Peanut shelling
 purchasing
 processing
 packaging













Selma
 Texas









 processing
 bulk packaging












Gustine
 California









 processing
 packaging












Elgin
Illinois




















Elgin
 Illinois



001






 packaging
 warehousing









 &#147;Long-Term Debt&#148; to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 




building may be leased to third parties; however
 there can be no assurance that we will be able to lease the unoccupied space. Further capital expenditures will likely be necessary to lease all of the remaining space. 
 


b. Manufacturing Capability
 Utilization
 Technology and Engineering 



contamination between tree nuts and peanuts. As currently configured
 the Elgin Site can accommodate an increase in production capacity of 20% to 35% of our current capacity. 

capacity to shell in excess of 90&nbsp;million inshell pounds of pecans annually. During fiscal 2017
 we processed approximately 32&nbsp;million inshell pounds of pecans at the Selma facility. 

and cleans
 shells
 sizes
 inspects
 blanches
 roasts and packages them for sale to our customers. The production line at the Bainbridge facility is almost entirely automated and has the capacity to shell approximately 120&nbsp;million inshell
pounds of peanuts annually. During fiscal 2017
The Garysburg
facility has the capacity to process approximately 60&nbsp;million inshell pounds of farmer stock peanuts annually. During fiscal 2017
 the Garysburg facility processed approximately 16&nbsp;million inshell pounds of peanuts. 

 processing
 packaging
 warehousing and distribution. This facility has the capacity to shell in excess of
60&nbsp;million inshell pounds of walnuts annually. During fiscal 2017
 the Gustine facility shelled approximately 39&nbsp;million inshell pounds of walnuts. 

 Garysburg
 Selma
 and Gustine facilities are equipped to handle the processing
 packaging
 warehousing and distribution
 and in the case of
our Bainbridge and Garysburg facilities
 the purchasing of nuts. Furthermore
 at our Elgin Site
 we process
 package
 warehouse and distribute nuts. We currently have more than sufficient capacity at our facilities to handle the aforementioned
operations. 

 proceedings and other matters arising out of the conduct of our business. Currently
 it is management&#146;s opinion that
the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect upon our business
 financial condition
 results of operation or cash flows. 

 which for the first time we were
provided with an initial monetary demand. In August 2017
 we agreed in principle to a $1.2&nbsp;million settlement for which we are fully reserved at June&nbsp;29
 components of the
For a discussion of our class-action complaint and legal proceedings
 investigations
 settlements and other
contingencies
 see Note&nbsp;7&nbsp;- &#147;Commitments and Contingent Liabilities&#148; in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part&nbsp;II
 Item&nbsp;8 of this 
Not
applicable. 
 


 



held on November&nbsp;2
 2017. Below are our executive officers as of August&nbsp;23
Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Chief Executive Officer
 age
54&nbsp;&#151; Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo has been employed by us since 1991 and in November 2006 was named our Chief Executive Officer. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo served as our Executive Vice President Sales and Marketing from January 2001 to November 2006. He
served as our Senior Vice President Sales and Marketing from August 1999 to January 2001. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo has been a member of our Board of Directors since August 1999. He served as General Manager West Coast Operations from September 1991 to
September 1993. He served as Vice President West Coast Operations and Sales from October 1993 to September 1995
 and Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo served as Vice President Sales and Marketing from October 1995 to August 1999. 
Michael J. Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary
 age 58&nbsp;&#151; Mr.&nbsp;Valentine has been employed by us since 1987.
In November 2006
 Mr.&nbsp;Valentine was named our Chief Financial Officer and Group President and
 in May 2007
 Mr.&nbsp;Valentine was named our Secretary. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as our Executive Vice President Finance
 Chief Financial Officer
and Secretary from January 2001 to November 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as our Senior Vice President and Secretary from August 1999 to January 2001. He has been a member of our Board of Directors since April 1997. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as
our Vice President and Secretary from December 1995 to August 1999. He served as an Assistant Secretary and the General Manager of External Operations for us from June 1987 and 1990
 respectively
 to December 1995. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine&#146;s
responsibilities also include peanut
 almond
 imported nut
Jasper B.
Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Chief Operating Officer
 President and Assistant Secretary
 age 49&nbsp;&#151; Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo has been employed by us since 1991. In November 2006
 Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo was named our Chief Operating Officer and President
and
 in May 2007
 Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo was named our Treasurer and held that position until January 2009. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo served as our Executive Vice President Operations
 retaining his position as Assistant Secretary
 which he assumed in
December 1995 from 2001 to November 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo became a member of our Board of Directors in December 2003. He became our Senior Vice President Operations in August 1999 and served as Vice President Operations from December 1995 to
August 1999. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo was the General Manager of our Gustine
 California facility beginning in October 1995
 and from June 1992 to October 1995 he served as Assistant Treasurer and worked in our Financial Relations
Department. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo is responsible for overseeing our plant operations
 research and development
James A.
Valentine
 Chief Information Officer
 age 53&nbsp;&#151; Mr.&nbsp;Valentine has been employed by us since 1986 and in November 2006 was named our Chief Information Officer. He served as our Executive Vice President Information Technology from
August 2001 to November 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as Senior Vice President Information Technology from January 2000 to August 2001 and as Vice President of Management Information Systems from January 1995 to January 2000. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine is
Thomas J. Fordonski
 Senior Vice President
 Human
Resources
 age 64&nbsp;&#151; Mr.&nbsp;Fordonski joined us in August 2007 as Vice President of Human Resources and was promoted to Senior Vice President of Human Resources in January 2010.&nbsp;Previously
 he was Director of Human Resources for
Continental AG
 a German-based global manufacturer of electronic automotive equipment.&nbsp;Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Fordonski was at Motorola
 Incorporated for 25 years
 with his career culminating as the Director of Human Resources for the global
supply chain in the messaging and cellular communications business.&nbsp;He is responsible for leading our human resources activities and functions. 
Frank S. Pellegrino
 Senior Vice President
 Finance
 Corporate Controller and Treasurer
 age 43&nbsp;&#151; Mr.&nbsp;Pellegrino joined us in January
2007 as Director of Accounting and was appointed Corporate Controller in September 2007. In January 2009
 he was named Vice President Finance and Corporate Controller. In August 2012
 he was promoted to Senior Vice President
 Finance. In August
2016
 he was appointed Treasurer. Previously
 Mr.&nbsp;Pellegrino was Internal Audit Manager at W.W. Grainger
 distributor
 from June 2003 to
January 2007. Prior to that
 he was a Manager in the Assurance Practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 where he was employed from 1996 to 2003. Mr.&nbsp;Pellegrino is responsible for our accounting and finance functions. 
 


Christopher Gardier
 Senior Vice President
 Consumer Sales
 age 57&nbsp;&#151; Mr.&nbsp;Gardier joined us
in May&nbsp;2010 as Vice President
 Consumer Sales. In August 2012
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was promoted to Senior Vice President
 Consumer Sales. Previously
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was the Vice President Sales for the Snacks Division at The Hain Celestial
Group
 where he led a national sales team of eight regional managers selling natural and organic salty snack brands. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was a Customer Vice President
 Central Region at Pepperidge Farm for six years
 where he led a team
of independent biscuit and bakery distributors covering 13 Midwestern states. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was a Director of National Accounts at Frito Lay for almost five years
 where he led a sales and operations team responsible for the mass
merchandising channel. Mr.&nbsp;Gardier is responsible for leading our Consumer Sales efforts
 including our 
Howard Brandeisky
 Senior Vice President
 Global Marketing and Customer Solutions

Vice President
 Marketing&nbsp;&amp; Innovation. His role was expanded to include Customer Solutions in March 2011. In October 2013
 he was promoted to Senior Vice President
 Global Marketing and Customer Solutions. Previously
 he was an independent
consultant in the food industry for a year. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Brandeisky was at Kraft Foods
 Inc. for 24 years
 with his career culminating as a Vice President of Marketing. He is responsible for leading the marketing
 consumer insights
creative services
Stephen C. Chester
 Senior Vice President
 Commercial Ingredients

age&nbsp;57&nbsp;&#151; Mr.&nbsp;Chester joined us in June 2013 as Vice President of Commercial Ingredients and was promoted to Senior Vice President of Commercial Ingredients in August 2016. Previously he was Vice President of Marketing and R&amp;D
for Ventura Foods
 a $2&nbsp;billion food manufacturer selling to consumer
 foodservice
 and industrial channels. Prior to that


 marketing
 R&amp;D
 and general management.
Mr.&nbsp;Chester is also a U.S. Navy veteran. He is responsible for leading our Commercial Ingredients business which includes foodservice and industrial channels. 


 a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the father of Michael J. Valentine
 an executive officer and director of the Company
 and James
A. Valentine
 an executive officer of the Company and (ii)&nbsp;the uncle of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr. and Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 executive officers and directors of the Company
 and James J. Sanfilippo
 a director of the Company. 

 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary and a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the son of Mathias A. Valentine
(ii)&nbsp;the brother of James A. Valentine and (iii)&nbsp;the cousin of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo. 

 Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the brother of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr. and James J. Sanfilippo
Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Chief
Operating Officer
 President and a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the brother of Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo
 (ii)&nbsp;the nephew of Mathias A. Valentine and (iii)&nbsp;the cousin of Michael J. Valentine and James A.
James J. Sanfilippo
 a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the brother of Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 (ii)&nbsp;the
James A. Valentine
 Chief Information Officer of
the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the son of Mathias A. Valentine
 (ii)&nbsp;the brother of Michael J. Valentine and (iii)&nbsp;the cousin of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo. 

 a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;a nephew by marriage of Mathias A. Valentine and (ii)&nbsp;the first cousin by marriage of
Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 James J. Sanfilippo
 Michael J. Valentine and James A. Valentine. 
 


 


Directors
 rounded up to the nearest whole number
 and the holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock are entitled to elect the remaining directors. With respect to matters other than the election of directors or any matters for which class voting is required by
law
 the holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share while the holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock are entitled to ten votes per share. Our Class&nbsp;A Stock is not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and there is no established
public trading market for the Class&nbsp;A Stock. However
 each share of Class&nbsp;A Stock is convertible at the option of the holder at any time and from time to time (and
 upon the occurrence of certain events specified in our Restated
Certificate of Incorporation
Our Common Stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market and
our trading symbol is &#147;JBSS&#148;. The following tables set forth
 for the quarters indicated
 the high and low reported sales prices for the Common Stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 


















Year Ended June&nbsp;29
 2017























































Year Ended June&nbsp;30
 2016















































 



cumulative total returns of the Russell 2000 Consumer Staples Index and the Russell 2000 Index. The graph tracks the performance of a $100 investment in our Common Stock
 in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from June&nbsp;29
 2012
to June&nbsp;29
 2017. 

 Inc.
 the Russell 2000 Index
 



 




 2012 in stock or index
Indexes
The information contained in the preceding performance graph shall not be
deemed to be &#147;soliciting material&#148; or to be &#147;filed&#148; with the SEC
 nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 except to
As of August&nbsp;11
 2017 there were 44 holders and 17 holders of record
of our Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock
Under our Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 the Class&nbsp;A Stock and the Common Stock
are entitled to share equally on a share for share basis in any dividends declared by the Board of Directors on our common equity. Our current financing agreements
 as amended on July&nbsp;7
 2017
 allow us to make up to four cash dividends or
distributions of our stock in any fiscal year in an amount not to exceed $60&nbsp;million in the aggregate per fiscal year. See Part&nbsp;II
 Item&nbsp;7&nbsp;&#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
On November&nbsp;1
 2016 our Board of Directors
declared a cash dividend of $2.50 that was paid to holders of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock on December&nbsp;13
 2016. On July&nbsp;7
 2016 our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $2.50 that was paid to holders of Common Stock and
Class&nbsp;A Stock on August&nbsp;4
 2016. On October&nbsp;27
 2015 our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $2.00 that was paid to holders of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock on December&nbsp;11
 2015. 

 2017
 our Board of Directors adopted a dividend policy under which it intends to pay an annual cash dividend on our Common Stock and
Class&nbsp;A Stock. The Board of Directors contemplated that the annual dividend would be declared around the conclusion of the Company&#146;s fiscal year and paid in the first quarter of each fiscal year. One of the key factors that will be taken
into account in determining the annual dividend amount (and whether any such dividend will be paid) will be the liquidity position of the Company
 in particular the borrowing availability under our Credit Facility. 
 



(whether such are paid and
 if so
 the amount and timing of payment) will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors
 after taking into account a variety of factors
 including cash flows
 borrowing availability under our Credit Facility
 and
earnings and financial position of the Company.&nbsp;There can be no assurance that dividends will be declared or paid in the future. Pursuant to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 any dividends paid on our Common Stock must be equivalent to
Pursuant to the dividend policy
 the Board of Directors declared an annual dividend of $0.50 per share that
was paid to holders of our Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock on August&nbsp;15
 2017. In addition
 the Board of Directors declared a special dividend of $2.00 per share that was paid to holders of our Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock on
August&nbsp;15
For purposes of the calculation of the aggregate market value of our voting stock held by
 as set forth on the cover page of this Report
 we did not consider any of the siblings or spouses of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Sr. (our former chairman of the board) or Mathias A. Valentine
 or any
of the lineal descendants of either Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Sr.
 Mathias A. Valentine or such siblings (other than those who are our executive officers
 directors or who have formed a group within the meaning of Section&nbsp;13(d)(3) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
 with either Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Sr. or Mathias A. Valentine) as an affiliate. See &#147;Review of Related Party Transactions&#148; and &#147;Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management&#148; contained in our Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting and &#147;Relationships Among Certain Directors and Executive Officers&#148; appearing immediately before Part II of this Report. 


 2017
 with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance pursuant to equity compensation
Equity
Compensation Plan Information 


















exercise&nbsp;of&nbsp;options



options



(excluding
securities
















































 


 

 2017
 June&nbsp;30
 2016
&nbsp;June 25
 2015
 June&nbsp;26
2014 and June&nbsp;27
 2013 was derived from our consolidated financial statements. The financial data should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
 which are included elsewhere herein
 and with
Item&nbsp;7&nbsp;&#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148;. The information below is not necessarily indicative of the results of future operations. The fiscal year ended
June&nbsp;30
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income Data:

 except per share data)































June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27





































































































































Gain on sale of assets held for sale
 net


































































































Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net










































































































































































































































































June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27

























































Long-term debt
 less current maturities




















































































 which changes the presentation of debt issuance
costs. Prior periods have been adjusted for this new accounting standard. 
 


Item&nbsp;7&nbsp;&#151; Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements. Our fiscal year ends on the final Thursday of June each year
 weeks (four thirteen week quarters). However
 the fiscal year ended
June&nbsp;30
 2016 consisted of fifty-three weeks with our fourth quarter containing fourteen weeks. Additional information on the comparability of the periods presented is as follows: 







 2018. 






 fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 are to the fiscal years ended June&nbsp;29
 2017
 June&nbsp;30
 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015
 respectively. 

 unless the context otherwise indicates
 the terms &#147;we&#148;
 &#147;us&#148;
 &#147;our&#148; or &#147;Company&#148; refer collectively to
John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. and our wholly-owned subsidiary JBSS Ventures
 LLC. Our Credit Facility and Mortgage Facility
 as defined below
 are sometimes collectively referred to as &#147;our financing arrangements.&#148; 

 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts
 almonds and other nuts in the United States. These nuts are sold

brand names. We also market and distribute
 and in most cases
 manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack
products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 cashew butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 snack bites
 sunflower kernels
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under private brands and brand
names. We distribute our products in the consumer
The Company&#146;s long-term
objective to drive profitable growth
 as identified in our strategic plan (the &#147;Strategic Plan&#148;)
&nbsp;into leading nut brands by focusing on consumers
demanding quality nuts in the snacking
 business at existing key customers in each distribution channel. We executed on
 produce nuts and by expanding distribution of peanuts and trail mixes to contract packaging
In the third quarter of fiscal 2017
 our Board of Directors adopted a dividend policy under which it intends to pay an annual cash dividend on
our Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock of at least $0.50 per share. It is contemplated that this annual dividend would be declared around the conclusion of the Company&#146;s fiscal year and paid in the first quarter of each fiscal year. One of the
key factors that will be considered in determining the annual dividend amount (and whether any such dividend will be paid) will be the liquidity position of the Company
 in particular the borrowing availability under our Credit Facility. The Board
We face a number of challenges in the
future which include
 among others
 volatile commodity costs for certain tree nuts
 especially cashews
 and intensified competition for market share from both private brand and name brand nut products. Acquisition costs for almonds declined
significantly during the second half of fiscal 2016
 which has resulted in lower selling prices for products that contain almonds. Since sales of almonds comprise a significant percentage of our total net sales
 we anticipate that lower selling
prices will continue to result in a significant reduction in net sales in future comparisons until the impact of lower retail prices ultimately drives increased sales volume for almonds. 

 brand and expect to continue
to focus on this portion of our branded business. We will continue to face the ongoing challenges specific to our business such as food safety and regulatory issues and the maintenance and growth of our customer base. See the information referenced
in Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A&nbsp;&#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; of this report for additional information about our risks
 challenges and uncertainties. 
 


 






 or 11.1%
 to $846.6&nbsp;million compared to fiscal 2016. 






 and our gross profit margin
 as a percentage of net sales
 increased to 16.8% in fiscal 2017 from 14.4% in fiscal 2016. 







 our operating expenses
 as a percentage of net sales
 were 9.9% compared to 9.0% of net sales in fiscal 2016. 



















 or 16.5%
 in comparison to the total value of inventories on hand at the end of fiscal 2016. 

 as well as an increase in
cashew acquisition costs. Conversely
 we have seen acquisition costs for domestic tree nuts such as almonds decrease in the 2016 crop year. While we completed our procurement of the current year crop of inshell walnuts during the second quarter of
fiscal 2017
 the total payments to our walnut growers were not determined until the third quarter of fiscal 2017
 which is typical. The final prices paid to the walnut growers were based upon prevailing market prices and other factors
 such as crop
size and export demand. At June&nbsp;29
 2017 there are no amounts due to walnut growers. 

such items from fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2016 and from fiscal 2016 to fiscal 2015. 









































































































































Our net sales decreased 11.1% to
$846.6&nbsp;million for fiscal 2017 from $952.1&nbsp;million for fiscal 2016. Sales volume (measured as pounds sold to customers) decreased by 3.7% for fiscal 2017 in comparison to sales volume for fiscal 2016. The decrease in net sales was
primarily due to a 7.6% decrease in the weighted average sales price per pound
 which primarily occurred as a result of lower selling prices for almonds and walnuts. 

 rather than net sales
 because
certain adjustments from gross sales to net sales
 such as promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product type. 
























































































































 


 































































































































































 branded products were approximately 85% and 87% of branded sales during
fiscal 2017 and 2016 respectively
 with branded produce products accounting for the remaining branded product sales. 




 we consolidated our bulk export business into our commercial ingredients channel and the remaining portion of our
Net sales in the consumer distribution channel decreased by 6.4% in dollars
 however
 sales
volume increased by 1.1% in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016. The decrease in net sales was primarily due to a 7.4% decrease in the weighted average sales price per pound
 which primarily occurred as a result of lower selling prices for almonds
 recipe nut sales volume increased 9.8% from fiscal 2016
 primarily
due to distribution gains with new customers
 the introduction of larger package sizes for walnuts
 and increased promotional activity. Partially offsetting the sales volume increase noted above
 snack nuts decreased
4.3%
produce products
 due to increased merchandising activity
 also contributed
Net sales in the commercial
ingredients distribution channel decreased by 32.6% in dollars and 23.4% in sales volume compared to fiscal 2016. The sales volume decrease was primarily due to the loss of a bulk almond butter customer in the second quarter this year combined with
Net sales in the contract packaging distribution channel increased by
7.5% in dollars and 9.2% in sales volume in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016. The sales volume increase was primarily due to distribution gains and product line expansions implemented by several of our existing customers in this channel. 
Gross profit increased 3.2% to
$141.9&nbsp;million in fiscal 2017 from $137.5&nbsp;million in fiscal 2016. Our gross profit margin
 as a percentage of sales
 increased to 16.8% for fiscal 2017 from 14.4% for fiscal 2016. 

and acquisition costs for pecans and walnuts. 

Selling
expenses for fiscal 2017 were $49.4&nbsp;million
 a decrease of $1.7&nbsp;million
 or 3.4%
 over the amount recorded for fiscal 2016. The decrease was driven primarily by a $1.5&nbsp;million decrease in sampling and advertising expense
 a
$1.0&nbsp;million decrease in sales commissions expense
 and a $0.9&nbsp;million decrease in compensation-related expenses. Partially offsetting the above was a $1.4&nbsp;million increase in shipping expense due to an increase in delivered sales
Administrative expenses for fiscal 2017 were $34.2&nbsp;million
 a decrease of $0.9&nbsp;million
 or 2.4%
 from the amount recorded for fiscal
2016 due primarily to a $1.4&nbsp;million decrease in compensation-related expenses and a $0.5&nbsp;million decrease in bad debt and miscellaneous expense
 which were partially offset by a $0.8&nbsp;million increase in net litigation settlements.
Due to the factors
discussed above
 our income from our operations was $58.3&nbsp;million
 or 6.9% of net sales
 for fiscal 2017
 compared to $51.3&nbsp;million
 or 5.4% of net sales
 for fiscal 2016. 
 


 

Rental and Miscellaneous Expense
 Net 

Income tax expense was
$18.0&nbsp;million
 or 33.3% of income before income taxes (the &#147;Effective Tax Rate&#148;)
 for fiscal 2017 compared to $16.1&nbsp;million
 or 34.6% of income before income taxes
 for fiscal 2016. The Effective Tax Rate was favorably impacted


excess tax benefits were recorded in Capital in excess of par value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Equity. 
Net income was $36.1&nbsp;million
 or
$3.19 basic and $3.17 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2017
 compared to $30.4&nbsp;million
 or $2.71 basic and $2.68 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2016
 due to the factors discussed above. 
Net Sales
Our net sales increased 7.3% to $952.1&nbsp;million for fiscal 2016 from $887.2&nbsp;million for fiscal 2015. Sales volume (measured as pounds
sold to customers) increased by 6.6% for fiscal 2016 in comparison to sales volume for fiscal 2015. Sales volume increased for all major nut types except almonds and pecans. 

 rather than net sales
 because
certain adjustments from gross sales to net sales
 such as promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product type. 












































































































































































































































































































 branded products were approximately 87% and 90% of branded sales during
fiscal 2016 and 2015 respectively
 with branded produce products accounting for the remaining branded product sales. 
 






during fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015
 respectively. In fiscal 2017 we consolidated our bulk export business into our commercial ingredients channel and the remaining portion of our export consumer products business into our other sales channels.
Net sales in the consumer distribution channel increased by 6.1% in dollars and 4.5% in sales volume in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal
 brand sales volume increased by 12.0% in fiscal 2016 compared to
 snack nuts and peanut butter increased a combined 21.0%
 primarily as a result of increased promotional activity and new
 recipe nut sales volume increased 5.8% from fiscal 2015
 and


increase was primarily due to an increase in sales of peanuts to peanut oil stock crushers and to other peanut shellers and increased sales of cashew products to an existing customer. In August 2016
 we were notified by a significant customer in the
commercial ingredients sales channel of its intent to move some or all of its almond butter requirements to a vertically integrated almond butter supplier during our second quarter of fiscal 2017. Almond butter sales to this customer in fiscal 2016
were approximately $90.0&nbsp;million while the gross profit margin on this business was substantially lower than our total gross profit margin for fiscal 2016. Although demand for almond butter has increased considerably in recent years
 net sales
in our commercial ingredients sales channel in fiscal 2017 will likely decline if this lost sales volume cannot be replaced through organic growth or expansion of products at existing customers. 

sales volume increase was primarily due to increased sales with existing customers due in large part to new item introductions and increased promotional activity implemented by customers in this channel. 

 though sales volume increased 15.6% compared to fiscal 2015. The
sales volume increase was primarily due to increased sales of bulk walnuts. 

The increase in gross profit resulted primarily from increased sales volume. The decline in gross
profit margin was primarily attributable to a decline in gross profit on sales of walnuts in the third quarter. 

Selling expenses for fiscal 2016 were $51.1&nbsp;million
 an increase of $1.5&nbsp;million
 or 3.0%
 over the amount
recorded for fiscal 2015. The increase was driven primarily by a $2.3&nbsp;million increase in compensation-related expenses and a $0.5&nbsp;million increase in 

Administrative expenses for fiscal 2016 were
$35.0&nbsp;million
 an increase of $4.5&nbsp;million
 or 14.8%
 from the amount recorded for fiscal 2015 due primarily to a $3.3&nbsp;million combined increase in both incentive and ordinary compensation-related expenses. 
Due to the factors
discussed above
 our income from our operations was $51.3&nbsp;million
 or 5.4% of net sales
 for fiscal 2016
 compared to $51.9&nbsp;million
 or 5.8% of net sales
 for fiscal 2015. 
Interest expense was
$3.5&nbsp;million for fiscal 2016 compared to $4.0&nbsp;million for fiscal 2015. The decrease in interest expense was due primarily to lower debt levels. 
 


Rental and Miscellaneous Expense
 Net 

repairs to the exterior of our office building located at the Elgin Site being completed during fiscal 2015 while no such repair expenses were incurred in fiscal 2016. 
Income tax expense was
$16.1&nbsp;million
 or 34.6% of income before income taxes
 for fiscal 2016 compared to $15.6&nbsp;million
 or 34.7% of income before income taxes
 for fiscal 2015. 
Net income was $30.4&nbsp;million
 or
$2.71 basic and $2.68 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2016
 compared to $29.3&nbsp;million
 or $2.63 basic and $2.61 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2015
 due to the factors discussed above. 
General
The primary uses of cash are to fund our current operations
 fulfill contractual obligations
 pursue our Strategic Plan and repay indebtedness.
Also
 various uncertainties could result in additional uses of cash. The primary sources of cash are results of operations and availability under our Credit Agreement
 dated February&nbsp;7
 2008 and subsequently amended most recently in July 2017
(as amended
 the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;)
 that provides a revolving loan commitment and letter of credit subfacility. We anticipate that expected net cash flow generated from operations and amounts available pursuant to the Credit Facility will
be sufficient to fund our operations for the next twelve months. Our available credit under our Credit Facility has allowed us to consummate business acquisitions
and
 brands)
 reinvest in the Company through capital expenditures
 develop new products
 pay a special cash dividend the past five years
 and explore other growth strategies outlined in our Strategic Plan. 

 which can
change based upon fluctuations in both quantities and market prices of the various nuts and nut products we buy and sell. Current market trends in nut prices and crop estimates also impact nut procurement. 
























June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30






June&nbsp;25

























































































































 Net cash provided by operating activities was $52.7&nbsp;million in fiscal 2017
 a
decrease of $36.6&nbsp;million compared to fiscal 2016. This decrease in operating cash flow was due primarily to a larger use of working capital for inventory in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016. Inventories increased $25.8&nbsp;million in
fiscal 2017 compared to a $41.4&nbsp;million decrease in inventories in fiscal 2016. Partially offsetting this use of cash was a decrease in accounts receivable of $13.3&nbsp;million in fiscal 2017 compared to an increase in accounts receivable of
Net accounts receivable were $64.8&nbsp;million at June&nbsp;29
 2017
 a decrease of $13.3&nbsp;million
 or 17.0%
 from
the balance at June&nbsp;30
 2016. The decrease in net accounts receivable from June&nbsp;30
 2016 to June&nbsp;29
 2017 is due primarily to lower dollar sales in June 2017 compared to June 2016. 

 2017
 an increase of $25.8&nbsp;million
 or 16.5% from the inventory balance at June&nbsp;30
2016. The increase was primarily due to larger quantities of pecans



 2017 increased by 5.5% compared to June&nbsp;30
 2016
mainly due to higher acquisition costs for peanuts and all major tree nuts except almonds. 
 



 an increase of
$75.3&nbsp;million compared to fiscal 2015. This increase was due primarily to a reduced use of working capital for inventory and accounts receivable in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. 

 2016
 a slight increase of $2.5&nbsp;million
 or 3.2%
 from the balance at June&nbsp;25
Total
inventories were $156.6&nbsp;million at June&nbsp;30
 2016
 a decrease of $41.4&nbsp;million
 or 20.9%
 from the inventory balance at June&nbsp;25
 2015. This decrease was primarily driven by the decrease in walnut acquisition costs and lower
The
weighted average cost per pound of raw nut and dried fruit input stocks on hand at June&nbsp;30
 2016 decreased by 31.6% compared to June&nbsp;25
 2015 mainly due to significantly lower acquisition costs for walnuts and to a lesser extent almonds.
Pounds of raw nut input stocks on hand at the end of June&nbsp;30
 2016 increased by 8.6&nbsp;million pounds
 or 20.0%
 when compared to the quantity of raw nut input stocks on hand at June&nbsp;25
 2015
 due primarily to increased quantities of
peanuts and inshell walnuts. The weighted average cost per pound of finished goods on hand at June&nbsp;30
 2016 decreased by 11.0% over the weighted average cost per pound of finished goods on hand at June&nbsp;25
 2015 primarily due to the above
 Cash used in investing activities was $10.5&nbsp;million in fiscal 2017. Capital
Cash used in investing activities was $14.9&nbsp;million in fiscal 2016.
Cash used in investing activities was $14.3&nbsp;million in fiscal
We expect total capital expenditures for equipment purchases
and upgrades
 facility maintenance and food safety enhancements for&nbsp;fiscal 2018 to be approximately&nbsp;$14&nbsp;million.&nbsp;Absent any material acquisitions or other significant investments
 we believe that cash on hand
 combined with cash
provided by operations and borrowings available under&nbsp;the Credit Facility
 will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements for&nbsp;capital expenditures. 
 Cash used in financing activities was $42.4&nbsp;million during fiscal 2017. We paid two special dividends in fiscal 2017
for a combined total of $56.5&nbsp;million. We repaid $3.5&nbsp;million of long-term debt during fiscal 2017
 $3.0&nbsp;million of which was related to the Mortgage Facility (as defined below). Partially offsetting these uses in cash was a net
increase in borrowings outstanding under our Credit Facility of $17.4&nbsp;million during fiscal 2017 which occurred
 in part
 as a result of the increase in inventory. 

$3.4&nbsp;million of long-term debt during fiscal 2016
 $3.0&nbsp;million of which was related to the Mortgage Facility (as defined below). In addition to these uses of cash there was a net decrease in borrowings outstanding under our Credit
Cash provided by financing activities
was $0.4&nbsp;million during fiscal 2015. We paid a $16.8&nbsp;million special dividend in December 2014. We repaid $3.3&nbsp;million of long-term debt during fiscal 2015
 $3.0&nbsp;million of which was related to the Mortgage Facility (as defined
below). Offsetting these uses of cash was a net increase in borrowings outstanding under our Credit Facility of $20.6&nbsp;million during fiscal 2015 which occurred in part as a result of the increase in inventory. 
 


 

 2008
 we entered into the Credit Facility with a bank group (the &#147;Bank Lenders&#148;) providing a $117.5&nbsp;million revolving loan
commitment and letter of credit subfacility. Also on February&nbsp;7
 2008
 we entered into a Loan Agreement with an insurance company (the &#147;Mortgage Lender&#148;) providing us with two term loans
 one in the amount of $36.0&nbsp;million
(&#147;Tranche A&#148;) and the other in the amount of $9.0&nbsp;million (&#147;Tranche B&#148;)
 for an aggregate amount of $45.0&nbsp;million (the &#147;Mortgage Facility&#148;). 
The Credit Facility is secured by
substantially all of our assets other than machinery and equipment
 real property
 and fixtures. The Mortgage Facility is secured by mortgages on essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and
Garysburg
On September&nbsp;30
 2014
 we entered into the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Facility
(the &#147;Sixth Amendment&#148;) which extended the maturity date of the Credit Facility from July&nbsp;15
 2016 to July&nbsp;15
 2019 and reduced the interest rates charged for loan advances and letter of credit borrowings. The aggregate revolving
loan commitment amount did not change. In addition
 the Sixth Amendment allows the Company to
 without obtaining Bank Lender consent
 (i)&nbsp;make up to two cash dividends or distributions on our stock each fiscal year
 or (ii)&nbsp;purchase
acquire
 redeem or retire stock in any fiscal year
 in any case
 in an amount not to exceed $25.0&nbsp;million
 individually or in the aggregate
 as long as the excess availability under the Credit Facility remains over $30.0&nbsp;million after
giving effect to any such dividend
 distribution
 purchase or redemption. The Sixth Amendment also increased the amount of permitted acquisitions from $50.0&nbsp;million to $100.0&nbsp;million and removed the annual limit on capital expenditures.
On July&nbsp;7
 2016
 we entered into the Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement (the &#147;Seventh Amendment&#148;) which extended the maturity date of
the Credit Agreement from July&nbsp;15
 2019 to July&nbsp;7
 2021
 and reduced by twenty-five basis points the interest rates charged for loan advances and letter of credit borrowings. The unused line fee was reduced to 0.25% per annum. The
aggregate revolving loan commitment remained unchanged. In addition
 the Seventh Amendment allows the Company to
 without obtaining Bank Lender consent
 (i)&nbsp;make up to one cash dividend or distribution on our stock per quarter
 or
(ii)&nbsp;purchase
 acquire
 redeem or retire stock in any fiscal quarter
 in any case
 in an amount not to exceed $60.0&nbsp;million in the aggregate per fiscal year
 as long as no default or event of default exists and the excess availability
under the Credit Agreement remains over $30.0&nbsp;million immediately before and after giving effect to any such dividend
 distribution
 purchase or redemption. The Seventh Amendment also permits an additional 5% of outstanding accounts receivable
from a major customer to be included as eligible in the borrowing base calculation and reduced the amount available for letter of credit usage to $10.0&nbsp;million. 

 2017
 the weighted average interest rate for the Credit Facility was 3.11%. The terms of the Credit Facility contain covenants that
 among
other things
 require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 acquisitions
 certain sales of assets
 cash dividends
 transactions with affiliates
 redemptions of capital stock and prepayment of indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among other things
is of a subordinate debt). If loan availability under the borrowing base calculation falls below $25.0&nbsp;million
 we will be required to maintain a specified fixed charge coverage ratio
 tested on a monthly basis until loan availability equals or
exceeds $25.0&nbsp;million for three consecutive months. All cash received from customers is required to be applied against the Credit Facility. The Bank Lenders have the option to accelerate and demand immediate repayment of our obligations under
the Credit Facility in the event of default on the payments required under the Credit Facility
 a change in control in the ownership of the Company
 with the financial covenant or upon the
occurrence of certain other defaults by us under the Credit Facility (including a default under the Mortgage Facility). As of June&nbsp;29
 2017
 we were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility and we currently expect to be in
compliance with the financial covenant in the Credit Facility for the foreseeable future. As of June&nbsp;29
 2017
 we had $84.4&nbsp;million of available credit under the Credit Facility. We would still be in compliance with all restrictive
After the conclusion of the 2017 fiscal year
 on July&nbsp;7
 2017
 we entered
into the Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement (the &#147;Eighth Amendment&#148;) which eliminated the quarterly restriction on cash dividends and distributions and allows the Company to
 without obtaining lender consent
 make up to four cash
dividends or distributions on its stock per fiscal year
 or purchase
 acquire
 redeem or retire its stock in any fiscal year
 in an amount not to exceed $60.0&nbsp;million in the aggregate per fiscal year
 as long as no default or event of default
exists and the excess availability under the Credit Agreement remains over $30.0&nbsp;million immediately before and after giving effect to any such dividend
 distribution
 purchase or redemption. 
We are subject to interest rate resets
for each of Tranche A and Tranche B. Specifically
 on March&nbsp;1
 2018 (the &#147;Tranche A Reset Date&#148; and the &#147;Tranche B Reset Date&#148;) and every two years thereafter
 the&nbsp;Mortgage Lender&nbsp;may reset the interest rates for
each of Tranche A and Tranche B
 respectively
 in its sole and absolute discretion. If the reset interest rate for Tranche A is unacceptable to us and we (i)&nbsp;do not have sufficient funds to repay amounts due with respect to Tranche A on the
Tranche A Reset Date
 or (ii)&nbsp;are unable to refinance amounts due with respect to Tranche A on the Tranche A Reset Date on terms more favorable than the reset interest rates
 then
 depending on the extent of the changes in the reset interest
rates
 our interest expense would increase. 
 



 2023. Tranche A under the Mortgage Facility accrues interest at a
fixed interest rate of 7.63%&nbsp;per annum
 payable monthly. As mentioned above
 such interest rate may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on the Tranche A Reset Date. Monthly principal payments in the amount of $0.2&nbsp;million commenced on
June&nbsp;1
 2008. Tranche B under the Mortgage Facility accrues interest
 as reset on March&nbsp;1
 2016
 at a floating rate of the greater of (i)&nbsp;one month LIBOR plus 3.50%&nbsp;per annum or (ii)&nbsp;4.25%
 payable monthly (the
&#147;Floating Rate&#148;). The margin on such Floating Rate may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on each Tranche B Reset Date; provided
 however
 that the Mortgage Lender may also change the underlying index on each Tranche B Reset Date occurring on
or after March&nbsp;1
 2018. Monthly principal payments in the amount of $0.1&nbsp;million commenced on June&nbsp;1
 2008. We do not currently anticipate that any change in the Floating Rate or the underlying index will have a material adverse
effect upon our business
The terms of the Mortgage Facility contain covenants that require us to maintain
a specified net worth of $110.0&nbsp;million and maintain the Encumbered Properties. The Mortgage Lender is entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations under the Mortgage Facility in the event we default in the payments required under
the Mortgage Facility
 with the covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of June&nbsp;29
 2017
 we were in compliance with all covenants
In
September 2006
 we sold our Selma
 Texas properties (the &#147;Selma Properties&#148;) to two related party partnerships for $14.3&nbsp;million and are leasing them back. The selling price was determined by an independent appraiser to be the fair
 term at a fair market value rent with three five-year renewal options. Also
 we currently have an
option to purchase the Selma Properties from the partnerships at 95% (100% in certain circumstances) of the then fair market value
 but not less than the original $14.3&nbsp;million purchase price. The provisions of the arrangement are not eligible
for sale-leaseback accounting and the $14.3&nbsp;million was recorded as a debt obligation. No gain or loss was recorded on the Selma Properties transaction. As of June&nbsp;29
 2017
 $11.1&nbsp;million of the debt obligation was outstanding. 

 we exercised two five-year renewal options which extended the Selma lease to September&nbsp;18
 2026 (unless we purchase it before such
date) and reduced the base monthly lease amount we pay on the Selma Properties during the second quarter of fiscal 2017. 
 


 

 2017
 sheet arrangements
 as defined in
Item&nbsp;303(a)(4)(ii) of 

 2017
 we had the following contractual cash obligations for long-term debt (including scheduled interest payments)
 operating leases
 the
Credit Facility
 purchase obligations
 retirement plans and other long-term liabilities (amounts in this subsection in thousands): 
















































































































































































































































 2017. See Note&nbsp;5 &#147;Long-Term Debt&#148; of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for further detail on the Company&#146;s long-term debt obligations. 




842 of inventory purchase commitments; however
 these amounts exclude purchase commitments under walnut purchase agreements due to the uncertainty of pricing and quantity.





Plan&#148; of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 


 

disclosed in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are applied in the preparation of our financial statements and accounting for the underlying transactions and balances. The policies discussed below are considered by our management to be
critical for an understanding of our financial statements because the application of these policies places the most significant demands on management&#146;s judgment
 with financial reporting results relying on estimation regarding the effect of
matters that are inherently uncertain. Specific risks
 if applicable
 for these critical accounting policies are described in the following paragraphs. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting policies


 requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our
financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates. See &#147;Forward-Looking Statements&#148; below. 
We recognize revenue when
persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured. We sell our products under some arrangements
 which include customer contracts
that fix the sales price for periods
 which typically can be up to one year for some commercial ingredient customers
 and through specific programs consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among
others
 to consumer and some commercial ingredient users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the terms of specific arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of rebates and promotion and marketing allowances. Revenues are also
recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product returns have generally been insignificant.
Provisions for returns are reflected as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based upon customer specific circumstances. Evaluating these estimates requires our management&#146;s judgment
 and changes in our assumptions could impact the amount
recorded for our sales
 cost of sales and net income. 

 which consist principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower

 or market which approximates actual cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at least quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds and other nuts may affect the value of inventory and gross profit and gross profit margin. When expected market sales prices move below costs
 we record adjustments to write down the carrying values of inventories to the

 or market which approximates actual cost. No such adjustments have been required in any of the periods presented. The results of our
shelling process can also result in changes to our inventory costs based upon actual versus expected crop yields. We maintain significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts are
determined based upon our inventory systems and are subject to verification techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to
fifteen-month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates
 which historically averaged less than 1.0% of inventory purchases
We
enter into walnut purchase agreements with growers typically in our first fiscal quarter
 under which they deliver their walnut crop to us during the fall harvest season (which typically occurs in our first and second fiscal quarters)
 and pursuant
to our walnut purchase agreements
 we determine the final price for this inventory after receipt and typically by the end of our third fiscal quarter. Since the ultimate purchase price to be paid is determined subsequent to receiving the walnut
crop
 we typically estimate the final purchase price for our first and second quarter interim financial statements based on crop size
 quality
 current market prices and other factors. Any such changes in estimates
 which could be significant
 are
accounted for in the period of change by adjusting inventory on hand or cost of goods sold if the inventory has been sold. Changes in estimates may affect the ending inventory balances
 as well as gross profit. There were no significant adjustments
recorded in any of the periods presented. 

 including our rental investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess recoverability
from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to
result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of future cash flows derived from the most recent business
projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair value. We did not record any impairment of long-lived assets in any of the last three fiscal years. 
 


 

tax consequences of events that have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such items give rise to differences in the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the
carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be realized. In estimating future tax consequences
 we consider all expected future events other than changes in tax law or rates. 
 process. The first step is recognition
where we evaluate whether an individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. For tax
positions that are currently estimated to have a less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold in the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the
benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates with regard to
individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are recorded in results of operations and financial position in the period in which such changes occur. 

We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering our historical taxable income and future taxable income based
upon the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&nbsp;29
 2017
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $171 of net basis differences for which we have provided a valuation allowance. 
In order to measure the annual
expense and calculate the liability associated with our retirement plan
 management must make a variety of estimates including
 but not limited to
 discount rates
 compensation increases and anticipated mortality rates. The estimates used by
management are based on our historical experience as well as current facts and circumstances. We use a third-party specialist to assist management in appropriately measuring the expense associated with this employment-related benefit. Different
We recognize net actuarial gains
or losses in excess of 10% of the plan&#146;s projected benefit obligation into current period expense over the average remaining expected service period of active participants. 


 projected benefit cash flows for our pension plan. The hypothetical bond portfolio is comprised of high-quality fixed income debt securities (usually
Moody&#146;s Aa3 or higher) available at the measurement date. Based on this information
 the discount rate selected by us for determination of pension expense was 3.61% for fiscal 2017
 4.63% for fiscal 2016


 pension obligation determination
 we selected discount rates of 3.99% and 3.61% for fiscal years 2017 and 2016
 respectively. 

assumption based on our long-term plans for compensation increases and current economic conditions. Based on this information


 2016
 and 2015. 


 2017. 
 


 

issued accounting pronouncements. 
10-K

 delivered to stockholders
 that are not historical (including statements concerning our expectations regarding market risk) are &#147;forward-looking
statements.&#148; These forward-looking statements may be followed (and therefore identified) by a cross reference to Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A&nbsp;&#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; or may be otherwise identified by the use of forward-looking words and
phrases such as &#147;will&#148;
 &#147;anticipates&#148;
 &#147;intends&#148;
 &#147;may&#148;
 &#147;believes&#148;
 &#147;should&#148; and &#147;expects&#148;
 and they are based on our current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and
involve risks and uncertainties. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or other factors that affect the subject of these statements
except where expressly required to do so by law. We caution that such statements are qualified by important factors
 including the factors described in Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A&nbsp;&#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; and other factors
 risks and
uncertainties that are beyond our control
 that could cause results to differ materially from our current expectations and/or those in the forward-looking statements
 as well as the timing and occurrence (or nonoccurrence) of transactions and other
factors
 risk
 uncertainties and events which may be subject to circumstances beyond our control. Consequently
 results actually achieved may differ materially from the expected results included in these statements. 


 commodity prices of raw material purchases and foreign exchange. We have not entered into any
arrangements to hedge against changes in market interest rates
We are unable to engage in hedging
activity related to commodity prices
 because there are no established futures markets for nuts; therefore
 we can only attempt to pass on the commodity cost increases in the form of price increases to our customers. A hypothetical 1% increase in
material costs
 without a corresponding price increase
 would have decreased gross profit approximately $5.9&nbsp;million for fiscal 2017. See Part&nbsp;I
 Item&nbsp;1A&nbsp;&#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; for a further discussion of the risks and
Approximately 41% of the dollar value of our total nut
purchases for fiscal 2017 were made from foreign countries
 and while these purchases were payable in U.S. dollars
 the underlying costs may fluctuate with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the currency in the foreign country from
where the nuts are purchased
We are exposed to interest rate risk on our Credit Facility
 our
only variable rate credit facility; because we have not entered into any hedging instruments which fix the floating rate or offset an increase in the floating rate. A hypothetical 10% adverse change in weighted-average interest rates would have had
less than a $0.1&nbsp;million impact on our net income and cash flows from operating activities for fiscal 2017. In addition
 the fixed interest rate on our Mortgage Facility resets in our 2018 fiscal year and in the future as well. 
 


 


 Inc. 

 the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 stockholders&#146; equity and
cash flows present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. and its subsidiaries as of June&nbsp;29
 2017 and June&nbsp;30
 2016
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended June&nbsp;29
 2017 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal
control over financial reporting as of June&nbsp;29
 2017
 based on criteria established in Internal Control&#151;Integrated Framework (2013)&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The
Company&#146;s management is responsible for these financial statements
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in
Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item&nbsp;9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements and on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting based on
our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining
 on a test basis
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal
control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

 the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for stock-based compensation and the
A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)&nbsp;provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#146;s assets that could
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. 

August&nbsp;23
 2017 
 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 2017 and June&nbsp;30
 2016 
(dollars in thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 














June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



































Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $263 and $397
 respectively



































































PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT:






































































































































Rental investment property
 less accumulated depreciation of $9
639 and $8
847
respectively





















TOTAL PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT























































Intangible assets
 net










































 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 2017 and June&nbsp;30
 2016 
(dollars in thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 














June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



































Current maturities of long-term debt
 including related party debt of $474 and $407
 respectively
and net of unamortized debt issuance costs of $55 and $65
 respectively











Accounts payable
 including related party payables of $178 and $113
 respectively























































































Long-term debt
 less current maturities
 including related party debt of $10
584 and $11
133
respectively and net of unamortized debt issuance costs of $124 and $179
 respectively













































































































Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 convertible to Common Stock on a per share basis
 cumulative voting
rights of ten votes per share
 $.01 par value; 10
000
000 shares authorized
 2
597
426 shares issued and outstanding









Common Stock
 voting rights of one vote per
share
 $.01 par value; 17
000
000 shares authorized
 8
801
641 and 8
725
715 shares issued
 respectively













































Treasury stock
 at cost; 117
900 shares of Common Stock

































































 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 2017
&nbsp;June 30
 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015 
(dollars in thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 


















June&nbsp;29
 2017


June&nbsp;30
 2016


June&nbsp;25
 2015



























































































































































































































Interest expense including $785
 $1
081 and $1
110 to related parties
 respectively
















Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net






























Total other expense
 net































































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:













Amortization of prior service cost and actuarial gain included in net periodic pension
cost












































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax





















































































































































317





233





150





















403





332





248

















 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 2017
&nbsp;June 30
 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015 
(dollars in thousands
 except per share amounts) 


















































































Balance
 June&nbsp;26
 2014



597









569
















































































































Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense of $373





































Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $1
224






























































































































































Balance
 June&nbsp;25
 2015



597









663
















































































































Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense of $383





































Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $1
358






























































































































































Balance
 June&nbsp;30
 2016



597









725
















































































































Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense of $502





































Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax expense of $737


































































































































































































Balance
 June&nbsp;29
 2017



597









801






































































 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 2017
&nbsp;June 30
 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015 



















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



















































Loss on disposition of properties
 net




























































Accounts receivable
 net





























































































































Other
 net











































































Purchases of property
 plant and equipment






























Other
 net

















































































































































































































































Cash
 beginning of period






























Cash
 end of period





























































Income taxes paid
 excluding refunds of $232
 $168
 and $548
 respectively
















 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 except per share data) 
Basis
Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of John B.
Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc.
 and our wholly-owned subsidiary
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC. Our fiscal year ends on the last Thursday of June each year
 weeks (four thirteen week
quarters). However
 the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2016 consisted of fifty-three weeks with our fourth quarter containing fourteen weeks. The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related footnotes are presented in accordance with
We are one of the leading processors and distributors of
peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts

brand names. We also market and
distribute
 and in most cases
 manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 cashew butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 snack bites
 sunflower kernels
 dried
fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under private brands and brand names. Our products are sold through the major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient
users
 and contract packaging customers. 

assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for customer
deductions
 the quantity of bulk inventories
 the evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets
 the assumptions used in estimating the retirement plan liability and pension expense
 and the realizability of deferred tax assets. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. 

 less allowances for doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated cash discounts and
 identified customers
will become credit risks. Account balances are charged off against the allowance when we conclude that it is probable the receivable will not be recovered. The reserve for estimated cash discounts is based on historical experience. The reserve for
customer deductions represents known customer short payments and an estimate of future credit memos that will be issued to customers related to rebates and allowances for marketing and promotions based on agreed upon programs and historical
Inventories
 which consist
principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products

 or
market which approximates actual cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at least quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews and other nuts may affect the value of inventory
 gross profit and gross profit
margin. When expected market sales prices move below costs


 or market. The results of our shelling process can also result in changes to inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus expected crop yields. We maintain significant
inventories of bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based on our inventory systems and are subject to quarterly physical verification techniques including observation
 weighing and
other methods. The quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen-month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates are also recorded. 
Property
Property
 plant and
equipment are stated at cost. Major improvements that extend the useful life
 add capacity or add functionality are capitalized and charged to expense through depreciation. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense as incurred. The cost
and accumulated depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is recognized currently in operating income. 
 


 



















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25
































































No interest costs were capitalized for the last three fiscal years due to the lack of any significant project requiring such
We
review held and used long-lived assets
 including our rental investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances
indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group to the carrying
amount of the long-lived asset or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of future cash flows derived from the most recent business projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset
is reduced to its estimated fair value. 


 we acquired property to be used for the Elgin Site. Two buildings are located on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an office building.
 and 70% is currently vacant. The other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and modified for use as our principal processing facility and
headquarters. The allocation of the purchase price to the two buildings was determined through a third-party appraisal. The value assigned to the office building is included in rental investment property on the balance sheet. The value assigned to
the warehouse building is included in &#147;Property
The net rental expense from the office building is included in the
caption &#147;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&#148;. Gross rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal years are as follows: 


















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25




















Rental (expense)
 net















Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within the office building is as follows for the fiscal years
ending: 








June&nbsp;28
 2018






June&nbsp;27
 2019






June&nbsp;25
 2020






June&nbsp;24
 2021






June&nbsp;30
 2022
































 


 

asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value into
three broad levels: 

 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or
Level&nbsp;3- Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data
The carrying values of cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their fair values at June&nbsp;29
 2017 and
June&nbsp;30
The carrying value of our Credit Facility (as defined in Note 4
&#150; &#147;Revolving Credit Facility&#148; in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#147;Revolving Credit Facility&#148; below) borrowings approximates fair value at June&nbsp;29
 2017 and June&nbsp;30
 2016 because interest rates on
this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2 criteria)
 the short-term maturity and nature of this balance. In addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent credit risk. 

 excluding unamortized debt issuance costs: 















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30


























The estimated fair value of long-term debt was determined using a market approach based upon Level&nbsp;2 observable inputs
which estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes in the underlying assets securing our
We recognize
revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price is fixed
 delivery occurred and collection is reasonably assured. We sell our products under some arrangements which include
customer contracts which fix the sales price for periods
 which typically can be up to one year
 for some commercial ingredient customers and through specific programs consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing
allowances
 among others
 to consumer customers and commercial ingredient users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the terms of specific arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of rebates and promotion and marketing allowances.
Revenues are also recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product returns have generally been
insignificant. Provisions for returns are reflected as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based upon customer specific circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling costs are included in revenues. 
We operate in a single reportable and
Significant Customers and
The highly competitive nature of our business provides an environment for the loss of customers and the opportunity to
gain new customers. We are subject to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts receivable
 and we attempt to mitigate this risk through our credit evaluation process
 collection terms and through geographical dispersion of sales.
Sales to three customers each exceeded 10% of net sales during fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. In fiscal 2015 two customers each exceeded 10% of net sales. Sales to these customers represented approximately 53%
 50% and 39% of our net sales in fiscal
2017
 fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015
 respectively. Net accounts receivable from these customers were 56% and 51% of net accounts receivable at June&nbsp;29
 2017 and June&nbsp;30
 2016
 respectively. 
 


Promotion
 Marketing and Advertising Costs 

 allowances and customer rebates are recorded at the time revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions in sales. Annual volume rebates are
estimated based upon projected volumes for the year
 while promotions and allowances are recorded based upon terms of the actual arrangements. Coupon incentive costs are accrued based on an estimate of redemptions to occur. 

as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



































 which include freight and other expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in selling expenses. Shipping and
handling costs for the last three fiscal years were as follows: 


















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



































incurred. Research and development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as follows: 


















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25
































 as amended by Accounting Standard Update


the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model (using the risk-free interest rate
 expected term
 expected volatility
 and dividend yield variables). The grant date fair value of restricted stock units (&#147;RSUs&#148;) is
generally determined based on the market price of our Common Stock on the date of grant. Beginning in fiscal 2017
 forfeitures are recognized as they occur and excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies are recognized as a component of income tax
We account for income taxes
using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such items give rise to
differences in the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be
realized. In estimating future tax consequences
We record liabilities for
 process. The first step is recognition
 where we evaluate whether an individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being sustained upon
examination based on the technical merits of the position
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is
recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold in the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future periods
changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are recorded in results of operations
We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in the
Income tax expense caption in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income. 
 



taxable income based upon the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&nbsp;29
 2017
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $171 of net basis differences for which we have provided a valuation allowance.
Basic earnings per common share
are calculated using the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue
The following table presents the reconciliation
of the weighted average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted earnings per share: 


















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25







317





233





150




















































403





332





248
















The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive awards excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share:



















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25































We
account for comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic 220
. This topic establishes standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its components in a full set of general-purpose financial
statements. The topic requires that all components of comprehensive income be reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same prominence as other financial statements. This topic also requires all
 changes in stockholders&#146; equity be presented in either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. This guidance also requires
presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes and information about significant amounts required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other
comprehensive income in their entirety. For amounts not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 we provide a cross-reference to other disclosures that offer additional details about those amounts. 

 


 

 &#147;Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718)&#148;. This ASU
is part of the FASB&#146;s simplification initiative. The areas for simplification in this update involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including the income tax consequences
 forfeitures
 classification of
awards as either equity or liabilities
 statutory withholding requirements
 and classification on the statement of cash flows. The Company early adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The cumulative adjustment for the impact
of this change in accounting principle was immaterial. Cash flows related to excess tax benefits will be classified prospectively as operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Prior periods have not been adjusted. The Company
anticipates increased volatility in income tax expense
 mainly in the second quarter of each fiscal year
 since historically most equity compensation granted in prior periods vests during that quarter. 



 did
not have a material impact to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 



 the FASB issued ASU 
 Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&#148;. This update requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be
presented in the balance sheet as a direct reduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 was effective for the Company beginning with the first quarter
of fiscal 2017. The adoption of this standard required retrospective adjustment to our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As a result
 Other assets decreased approximately $244 as of June&nbsp;30
 2016 and this amount was allocated within Current
 did not have an effect on the Company&#146;s stockholders&#146; equity
 results of operations or cash flows. 

 &#147;Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the
 became
effective for the Company beginning with the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The adoption of ASU 

 &#147;Presentation of Financial Statements&#151;Going Concern
 The guidance requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements
 was effective for the Company
The following
In May 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 
&#147;Compensation&#151;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting&#148;. The amendments in this update provide guidance about which changes to terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply
 will be effective for the Company in fiscal 2019 and should be applied prospectively to an award modified on or after the adoption date. The Company does not
In March 2017
 the FASB
 &#147;Compensation&#151;Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost&#148;. The amendments
in this update require the service cost component of pension expense to be disaggregated from the other components of net periodic benefit cost and be presented in the same line items as other employee compensation costs. All other components of net
periodic benefit cost must be presented in the income statement separately from the service cost component and outside a subtotal of income from operations. This update is effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning after
December&nbsp;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted as long as it is early adopted in the first interim period of an annual year and financial statements have not been issued or made available
for issuance prior to adoption. The amendments in this update should be applied using a retrospective transition method
 however
 a practical expedient is offered with regard to the prior comparative periods. The Company plans to early adopt this
update beginning in fiscal 2018 and does not expect the impact of this new guidance to have a significant impact on its financial position
 results of operations and disclosures. 

 &#147;Consolidation (Topic 810): Interests Held Through Related
 and affects reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate a variable interest entity in




perceived diversity in practice. The amendments in this update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2017
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted
 including
adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period
 any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must


 



 &#147;Financial
Instruments&#151;Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments&#148;. The main objective of this update is to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses
on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at each reporting date. The amendments in this update replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects
expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. The amendments in this update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after
December&nbsp;15
 2019
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified-retrospective approach is required in the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings. We do
not expect ASU 

 &#147;Leases (Topic 842)&#148;. The primary goal of this update
is to require the lessee to recognize all lease commitments
 both operating and finance
 by initially recording a lease asset and liability on the balance sheet at the lease commencement date. Additionally
 enhanced qualitative and quantitative
 is effective for public business entities for annual periods
 including interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2018. This new
guidance will be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2020 and we do not expect to early adopt. This guidance must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach. The Company expects this new guidance to have a significant impact
on its total assets and total liabilities
In July 2015




 less
reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. This update will be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2018 with prospective application required. The Company does not anticipate this guidance will have a
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 
&#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&#148; and created a new ASC Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers


Contracts with Customers. The guidance in this update supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the industry topics of the codification. Under the new
guidance
 an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Several
other amendments have been subsequently released
 each of which provide additional narrow scope clarifications or improvements. In August 2015
 &#147;Revenue from Contracts
with Customers
 for one year. Consequently
 this new revenue recognition guidance will be effective for the Company
beginning in fiscal year 2019
 which is our anticipated adoption date. We have completed our initial analysis of this accounting standard update which included a review of all material customer contracts and currently do not anticipate any material
changes to our revenue recognition compared to current GAAP. We are currently evaluating the method of adoption. 















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30
















and finished goods


























































June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30




























































































 



 brand name
 brand name became fully amortized in fiscal 2011. The remainder of
Total amortization expense related to intangible assets
 which
is classified in administrative expense in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



































 2008
 we entered into a Credit Agreement with a bank group (the &#147;Bank Lenders&#148;) providing a $117
500 revolving loan commitment
and letter of credit subfacility (the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;). The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all our assets other than real property and fixtures. 

 2017 and June&nbsp;30
 2016
 the weighted average interest rate for the Credit Facility was 3.11% and 3.75%
 respectively. The terms of the
Credit Facility contain covenants that require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 acquisitions and certain sales of assets
 cash dividends
 redemptions of capital stock and prepayment of indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among other things
is of a subordinate debt). If loan availability under the Borrowing Base Calculation falls below $25
000
 we will be required to maintain a specified fixed charge coverage ratio
 tested on a monthly basis. All cash received from customers is
required to be applied against the Credit Facility. The Bank Lenders are entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations under the Credit Facility in the event of default on the payments required under the Credit Facility
 a change in
control in the ownership of the Company
 with the financial covenant or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under the Credit Facility (including a default under the Mortgage
Facility). As of June&nbsp;29
 2017
 we were in compliance with the financial covenant under the Credit Facility and we currently expect to be in compliance with the financial covenant in the Credit Facility for the next twelve months. As of
June&nbsp;29
 2017
 we had $84
369 of available credit under the Credit Facility which reflects borrowings of $29
456 and reduced availability as a result of $3
675 in outstanding letters of credit. We would still be in compliance with all
On July&nbsp;7
 2017
 we entered into the Eighth Amendment to Credit
Facility (the &#147;Eighth Amendment&#148;). See Note 18 &#150; &#147;Subsequent Events&#148;. 















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



Mortgage Facility (&#147;Tranche A&#148;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in monthly
principal installments of $200 plus interest at 7.63%&nbsp;per annum through February 2023 with a final principal payment of $600 on March&nbsp;1
 2023











Mortgage Facility (&#147;Tranche B&#148;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in monthly
principal installments of $50 plus interest at the greater of one month LIBOR plus 3.50%&nbsp;per annum or 4.25% through February 2023 with a final principal payment of $150 on March&nbsp;1
 2023











Selma
 Texas facility financing obligation to related parties
 due in monthly installments of $103
through September&nbsp;1
 2031











































Less: Current maturities
 net of unamortized debt issuance costs





















Total long-term debt
 net of unamortized debt issuance costs





















 



 2008
 we entered into a Loan Agreement with an insurance company (the &#147;Mortgage
Lender&#148;) providing us with two term loans
 one in the amount of $36
000 (&#147;Tranche A&#148;) and the other in the amount of $9
000 (&#147;Tranche B&#148;)
 for an aggregate amount of $45
000 (the &#147;Mortgage Facility&#148;). The Mortgage
Facility is secured by mortgages on essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina (the &#147;Encumbered Properties&#148;). 

 payable monthly. As mentioned above
 such interest
rate may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on the Tranche A Reset Date. Tranche B under the Mortgage Facility accrues interest
 as reset on March&nbsp;1
 2016
 at a floating rate of the greater of (i)&nbsp;one month LIBOR plus 3.50%&nbsp;per annum or
(ii)&nbsp;4.25%
 payable monthly (the &#147;Floating Rate&#148;). The margin on such floating rate may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on each Tranche B Reset Date; provided
 however
 that the Mortgage Lender may also change the underlying index on
each Tranche B Reset Date occurring on or after March&nbsp;1
 2018. We do not currently anticipate that any change in the floating rate or the underlying index will have a material adverse effect upon our business
 financial condition or results of
The terms of the Mortgage Facility contain covenants that require us to maintain a specified net worth of $110
000 and maintain the
Encumbered Properties. The Mortgage Lender is entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations under the Mortgage Facility in the event we default in the payments required under the Mortgage Facility
 with the covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of June&nbsp;29
 2017
 we were in compliance with all financial covenants under the
Mortgage Facility. The carrying amount of assets pledged as collateral for the Mortgage Facility was approximately $73
427 at June&nbsp;29
In
September 2006
 we sold our Selma
 Texas properties to two related party partnerships for $14
300 and are leasing them back. The selling price was determined by an independent appraiser to be the fair market value which also approximated our
carrying value. The lease for the Selma
 term at a fair market value rent with three five-year renewal options. Also
 we currently have the option to purchase the properties
from the partnerships at 95% (100% in certain circumstances) of the then fair market value
 but not to be less than the $14
300 purchase price. The financing obligation is being accounted for similar to the accounting for a capital lease
 whereby
the purchase price was recorded as a debt obligation
 as the provisions of the arrangement are not eligible for sale-leaseback accounting. The balance of the debt obligation outstanding at June&nbsp;29
 2017 was $11
058. 

 we signed a lease renewal which exercised two five-year renewal options and extended the term of our Selma lease to September&nbsp;18
 2026
(unless we purchase it before such date). One five-year renewal option remains. Beginning in the second quarter of fiscal 2017
 the base monthly lease amount decreased to $103. 









June&nbsp;28
 2018






June&nbsp;27
 2019






June&nbsp;25
 2020






June&nbsp;24
 2021






June&nbsp;30
 2022
































 


 

 and is as follows for the last three fiscal years:
























June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25








































































































































































































The reconciliations of income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate to income tax expense reported in the
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the last three fiscal years are as follows: 


















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25

















State income taxes
 net of federal benefit




























































































































 in fiscal 2017
 windfall tax benefits are a
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax
consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement basis and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the following:















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



















































































































































































 



 management considers whether it is more likely than not
that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income of the character necessary during the periods in which those
temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and carryforward periods)
 projected future taxable income


recognized
For the years
ending June&nbsp;29
 2017 and June&nbsp;30
 2016
 unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest and penalties were $173 and $62. Accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are not material for any periods presented. Interest
and penalties within income tax expense were not material for any period presented. The total gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits were $174 and $24 at June&nbsp;29
 2017 and June&nbsp;30
 2016
 respectively. 




















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25
































































































































Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the annual effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations
 are as follows: 


















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25
















During fiscal 2017
 the change in unrecognized tax benefits due to statute expiration was not material. We do not anticipate
There were certain changes in state tax laws during the period
the impact of which was insignificant. We file income tax returns with federal and state tax authorities within the United States of America. Our federal and Illinois tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2015 and 2016. Our California tax
NOTE 7
&#151; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

operating leases was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25

































 lease commitments under these operating leases with initial
or remaining terms greater than one year are as follows: 













June&nbsp;28
 2018





June&nbsp;27
 2019





June&nbsp;25
 2020





June&nbsp;24
 2021





June&nbsp;30
 2022



















$2
138








 


 

these proceedings
 individually and in the aggregate
 will not materially affect our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows
 legal proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties
 and unfavorable outcomes could occur. Unfavorable
outcomes could include substantial money damages in excess of any appropriate accruals which management has established. Were such unfavorable final outcomes to occur
 there exists the possibility of a material adverse effect on our financial
position
We are subject to a class-action complaint for an employment related matter. Mediation for this matter
occurred in June 2017
 which for the first time we were provided with an initial monetary demand. In August 2017
 we agreed in principle to a $1
200 settlement for which we are fully reserved at June&nbsp;29


Our Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the &#147;Class&nbsp;A Stock&#148;)
 has cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of those
directors which the holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock are entitled to elect
 and 10 votes per share on all other matters on which holders of our Class&nbsp;A Stock and Common Stock are entitled to vote
 with the exception of election of the directors
for which the holders of Common Stock are eligible to elect. In addition
 each share of Class&nbsp;A Stock is convertible at the option of the holder at any time into one share of Common Stock and automatically converts into one share of Common
Stock upon any sale or transfer other than to related individuals or certain other events as set forth in our Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Each share of our Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the &#147;Common Stock&#148;) has noncumulative
voting rights of one vote per share. The Class&nbsp;A Stock and the Common Stock are entitled to share equally
 basis
 in any cash dividends
declared by the Board of Directors
 and the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to elect 25%
 rounded up to the nearest whole number
 of the members comprising the Board of Directors. During fiscal 2017
 our Board of Directors adopted a
dividend policy under which it intends to pay an annual cash dividend on our Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock of at least $0.50 per share during the first quarter of each fiscal year. 
At our
annual meeting of stockholders on October&nbsp;29
 2014
 our stockholders approved a new equity incentive plan (the &#147;2014 Omnibus Plan&#148;) under which awards of options and other stock-based awards may be made to employees


000
000 shares of Common Stock are authorized for grants of awards thereunder
 which may be in the form of options
 restricted stock
 RSUs
 stock appreciation
rights (&#147;SARs&#148;)
 performance shares
 performance units
 Common Stock or dividends and dividend equivalents. As of June&nbsp;29
 2017
 there were 820
539 shares of Common Stock that remained authorized for future grants of awards
 subject
to the limitations set below. Under the terms of the Omnibus Plan
 the total number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which options or SARs may be granted in any calendar year to any participant may not exceed 500
000 shares (this limit
applies separately with respect to each type of award). Additionally
 under the terms of the Omnibus Plan
 for awards of restricted stock
 RSUs
 performance shares or other stock-based awards that are intended to qualify as performance-based
compensation: (i)&nbsp;the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be granted in any calendar year to any participant may not exceed 250
000 shares (this limit applies separately to each type of award) and (ii)&nbsp;the maximum amount that
may be paid to any participant for awards that are payable in cash or property other than Common Stock in any calendar year is $5
000. For fiscal 2017
 the Board of Directors adopted an equity grant cap which further restricted the number of awards
that could be made to any one participant or in the aggregate. The equity grant cap limited the number of awards to 250
000 awards to all participants and 20
000 awards to any one participant for the 2017 fiscal year.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Except
as set forth in the 2014 Omnibus Plan
 members of the Board of Directors. Recipients of RSUs have the
option to defer receipt of vested shares until a specified later date
 typically soon after separation from the Company. The exercise price of stock options is determined as set forth in the 2014 Omnibus Plan by the Compensation Committee of our
Board of Directors
 and has to be at least the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as set forth in the 2014 Omnibus Plan
 stock options expire upon termination of employment or directorship
 as applicable. Stock
options granted under the 2014 Omnibus Plan are exercisable 25% annually commencing on the first anniversary date of grant and became fully exercisable on the fourth anniversary date of grant. Options generally will expire no later than ten years
We determine the fair value of stock
option awards using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model; however
 there were no options granted in fiscal 2017
 fiscal 2016 or fiscal 2015. 
 



 2017: 



































Outstanding at June&nbsp;30
 2016



























































































Outstanding at June&nbsp;29
 2017




































Exercisable at June&nbsp;29
 2017



































The following table summarizes the total intrinsic value of all options exercised and the total cash received from the
exercise of options for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25






























All options were fully vested as of June&nbsp;30
 2016.&nbsp;Exercise prices for options outstanding as of June&nbsp;29
 2017
The fair value of RSUs is generally determined based on the market price of our Common Stock on the date of grant. The fair
value of RSUs granted for the years ended June&nbsp;29
 2017
&nbsp;June 30
 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015 was $2
773
 $3
212 and $2
835
The
following is a summary of RSU activity for the year ended June&nbsp;29
 2017: 




















Outstanding at June&nbsp;30
 2016





















































Outstanding at June&nbsp;29
 2017



















At June&nbsp;29
 2017 there were 68
673 RSUs outstanding that were vested but deferred. At June&nbsp;30
 2016 there were
58
 RSUs at June&nbsp;29
 2017 will vest over a weighted-average period of 1.2 years. The fair value of RSUs that vested for the years ended
June&nbsp;29
 2017
&nbsp;June 30
 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015 was $1
910
 $928 and $615
The following table summarizes compensation cost
charged to earnings for all equity compensation plans and the total income tax benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25

































At June&nbsp;29
 2017
 there was $3
008 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to

 


 






























November&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2016

November&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016










December&nbsp;13
&nbsp;2016

July&nbsp;7
 2016

July&nbsp;21
 2016










August&nbsp;4
 2016

October&nbsp;27
 2015

December&nbsp;2
 2015










December&nbsp;11
 2015
On July&nbsp;11
 2017
 our Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend of $2.00 per share and a regular annual cash
dividend of $0.50 per share on all issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock of the Company. Refer to Note 18 &#150; &#147;Subsequent Events&#148; below. 
We maintain a
contributory plan established pursuant to the provisions of section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan provides retirement benefits for all nonunion employees meeting minimum age and service requirements. We currently match 100% of the
first three percent contributed by each employee and 50% of the next two percent contributed
 up to certain maximums specified in the plan. Our expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 



















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



















During the first quarter of fiscal 2009
 we recorded a long-term liability of $868 for the withdrawal from the multiemployer
 drivers that were employed for our store-door delivery system that was discontinued during fiscal 2008. Pursuant to terms of settlement with a labor union
 we
The total Route pension liability was as follows for the last two fiscal
years: 














June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30












Virtually all of our salaried employees participate in our Sanfilippo Value Added Plan (as amended
 the &#147;SVA Plan&#148;)
which is a cash incentive plan (an economic value added-based program) administered by our Compensation Committee. We accrue expense related to the SVA Plan in the annual period that the economic performance underlying such performance occurs. This
method of expense recognition properly matches the expense associated with improved economic performance with the period the improved performance occurs on a systematic and rational basis. The SVA Plan payments are paid to participants in the first
quarter of the following fiscal year. 

 benefit plan that will
provide eligible participants with monthly benefits upon retirement
 disability or death
 subject to certain conditions. Benefits paid to retirees are based on age at retirement
 years of credited service
 and average compensation. We use our fiscal
 as the measurement date for the obligation calculation. Accounting guidance in ASC Topic 715
 requires the recognition of the funded status of the SERP
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Actuarial gains or losses
 prior service costs or credits and transition obligations that have not yet been recognized are recorded as a component of &#147;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&#148;
(&#147;AOCL&#148;). 
 
















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30


































































































The accumulated benefit obligation
 which represents benefits earned up to the measurement date
 was $17
774 and $18
247 at
June&nbsp;29
 2017 and June&nbsp;30
 2016
Components of the actuarial (gain) loss portion of the change in projected benefit obligation
are presented below for the fiscal years ended: 


















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



























































































































































June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25







































































































Significant assumptions related to our SERP include the discount rate used to calculate the actuarial present value of benefit
obligations to be paid in the future
 the average rate of compensation expense increase by SERP participants
 white collar fully generational mortality table with
 was utilized in the preparation of our pension obligation as of June&nbsp;29
 2017. 












June&nbsp;29


June&nbsp;30






















 














June&nbsp;29


June&nbsp;30


June&nbsp;25




























base


base


base

The assumed discount rate is based
 in part
 upon a discount rate modeling process that considers both high quality long-term
indices and the duration of the SERP plan relative to the durations implicit in the broader indices. The discount rate is utilized principally in calculating the actuarial present value of our obligation and periodic expense pursuant to the SERP. To
the extent the discount rate increases or decreases
 our SERP obligation is decreased or increased
The following table presents the
benefits expected to be paid in the next ten fiscal years: 

















































At June&nbsp;29
 2017 and June&nbsp;30
 2016 the current portion of the SERP liability was $647 and $653
 respectively
 and
The following table presents the components of AOCL that have not
yet been recognized in net pension expense: 














June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30






































































We expect to recognize $957 of the prior service cost and $162 of net loss into net periodic pension expense during the fiscal
year ending June&nbsp;28
 2018. 

to our defined benefit pension plan. 














June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30











































































































The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive
loss for the last two fiscal years were as follows: 
 




















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30










































































































Amortization of defined pension items
 net of tax































In
addition to the related party transactions described in Note 5
 we also purchased materials from a company that was formerly owned by three members of our Board of Directors
 two of whom are also executive officers
 and individuals directly related
to them during the fiscal years listed below. Purchases from this related party aggregated to the following for the years ending: 


















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25











































June&nbsp;29
 2017





June&nbsp;30
 2016






 rather than net sales
 because
certain adjustments
 such as promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product types
 for the fiscal year ended: 


















June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25















































































































































 


 



































June&nbsp;29
 2017

























































































































































June&nbsp;30
 2016

























































































































































June&nbsp;25
 2015


























































































































































estimates and caution is required in drawing specific conclusions from quarterly consolidated results. 


































Year Ended June&nbsp;29
 2017:

































































































































































































Year Ended June&nbsp;30
 2016:



































































































































































 


 

 2017
 we entered into the Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement (the &#147;Eighth Amendment&#148;) which eliminated the quarterly restriction on
cash dividends and distributions and allows the Company to
 without obtaining lender consent
 make up to four cash dividends or distributions on its stock per fiscal year
 or purchase
 acquire
 redeem or retire its stock in any fiscal year
 in an
amount not to exceed $60
000 in the aggregate per fiscal year
 as long as no default or event of default exists and the excess availability under the Credit Agreement remains over $30
000 immediately before and after giving effect to any such
dividend
 distribution
On July&nbsp;11
 2017
 our Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend of $2.00 per share and a
regular annual cash dividend of $0.50 per share on all issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock of the Company (the &#147;July 2017 Dividends&#148;). The July 2017 Dividends of approximately $28
370 were paid on
August&nbsp;15
 2017 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on August&nbsp;2
 2017. 
 


Item&nbsp;9 &#151; Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
Item&nbsp;9A &#151; Controls and Procedures
Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer (&#147;CEO&#148;) and Chief Financial Officer (&#147;CFO&#148;)
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures
 promulgated under the Exchange Act
 as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on
 Based on this evaluation
 our CEO and CFO concluded that
 as of June&nbsp;29
 2017
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to
be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and is accumulated and reported to our management
 including our CEO
and CFO
Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 we carried out
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June&nbsp;29
 2017
 (2013)&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on this evaluation
 our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June&nbsp;29
 2017. 

 2017 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 an independent
registered public accounting firm
 as stated in their report contained in this Annual Report on Form 


 2017 that have materially
affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
Limitations on the Effectiveness of
Our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 does not expect that the Disclosure Controls and Procedures or our Internal Control over
Financial Reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the control&#146;s objectives will be met. Further
 the design of a
control must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all internal controls
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of
simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the controls. The design of any control is based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or
deterioration in the degree of compliance with associated policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. 
Not applicable
Item&nbsp;10 &#151; Directors
The Sections entitled &#147;Nominees for Election by The Holders of Common Stock
&#148; &#147;Nominees for
Election by The Holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock&#148;
 &#147;Section&nbsp;16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#148; and &#147;Corporate Governance &#151; Board Meetings and Committees &#151; Audit Committee&#148; and &#147;Corporate
Governance &#151; Independence of the Audit Committee&#148; of our Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting and filed pursuant to Regulation 14A are incorporated herein by reference. Other certain information relating to the directors and
We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to the principal
executive
 financial and accounting officers (&#147;Code of Ethics&#148;) and a separate Code of Conduct applicable to all employees and directors generally (&#147;Code of Conduct&#148;). The Code of Ethics and Code of Conduct are available on our
website at 
 


 

 &#147;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&#148;
 &#147;Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation&#148; and &#147;Compensation Committee Report&#148; of our Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting are incorporated herein by reference. 


incorporated herein by reference. Other certain information relating to the directors and executive officers of the Company is included immediately before Part II of this Report. 
Item&nbsp;13 &#151; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence 

our Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting are incorporated herein by reference. Other certain information relating to the directors and executive officers of the Company is included immediately before Part II of this Report. 


PART IV
Item&nbsp;15 &#151; Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules 
The
following financial statements are included in Part II
Report of Independent
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Year Ended June&nbsp;29
 2017
the Year Ended June&nbsp;30
 2016 and the Year Ended June&nbsp;25
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June&nbsp;29
2017 and June&nbsp;30
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Equity for the Year Ended June&nbsp;29
 2017
the Year Ended June&nbsp;30
 2016 and the Year Ended June&nbsp;25
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
Year Ended June&nbsp;29
 2017
 the Year Ended June&nbsp;30
 2016 and the Year Ended June&nbsp;25
 2015 


The exhibits
required by Item&nbsp;601 of Regulation 
See Item&nbsp;15(a)(3)
above. 
 


 


 


 

 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 















 INC.






























Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 





















(Principal
Executive Officer)


 2017









 Group President



 2017








Senior Vice President
 Finance
 Corporate Controller and Treasurer



 2017











 2017











 2017











 2017





/s/ Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.

 Jr.




 2017











 2017











 2017











 2017

 


 





























 for the quarter ended March&nbsp;24
 2005











 for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;25
 2015











 for the quarter ended September&nbsp;24
 1998











 for the quarter ended December&nbsp;28
 2000










 Inc. Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement Number Two among Michael J. Valentine
 as trustee of the Valentine Life Insurance Trust
 Mathias Valentine
 Mary Valentine and the
Company
 dated December&nbsp;31


 for the quarter ended December&nbsp;25
 2003










 dated February&nbsp;12
 2004
 to Amended and Restated John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement Number Two among Michael J. Valentine
 as trustee of the Valentine Life Insurance Trust
Mathias Valentine
 Mary Valentine and the Company
 dated December&nbsp;31


 for the quarter ended March&nbsp;25
 2004











 for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;28
 2007












 for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;28
 2012











 filed on May&nbsp;5
 2009











 filed on October&nbsp;28
 2014 (File 











 for the year ended June&nbsp;30
 2016











 for the quarter ended December&nbsp;24
 2015
 





























 for the quarter ended December&nbsp;24
 2015











 for the quarter ended December&nbsp;24
 2015











 for the quarter ended December&nbsp;29
 2016










 effective August&nbsp;25


 for the year ended June&nbsp;30
 2016










 dated August&nbsp;20


 for the year ended June&nbsp;25
 2015










 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008
 by and among the Company
 the financial institutions named therein as lenders
 Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC (&#147;WFF&#148;)
 as the arranger and administrative agent for the
lenders
 and Wachovia Capital Finance Corporation (Central)


 filed on February&nbsp;8
 2008










 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008
 by the Company in favor of WFF


 filed on February&nbsp;8
 2008










 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008


 filed on February&nbsp;8
 2008










 dated as of March&nbsp;8
 2010
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent and Burdale Financial Limited













 dated as of July&nbsp;15
 2011
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA for itself
and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA


 filed on July&nbsp;18
 2011










 dated as of October&nbsp;31
 2011
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA
 for itself
and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA


 for the quarter ended September&nbsp;29
 2011










 dated as of January&nbsp;22
 2013
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
ACA
 for itself and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA


 filed on February&nbsp;4
 2013










 dated as of December&nbsp;16
 2013
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
ACA
 for itself and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA


 filed on December&nbsp;17
 2013
 























 dated as of September&nbsp;30
 2014
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA
 as
lender.

 filed on October&nbsp;3
 2014








 dated as of July&nbsp;7
 2016
 by and among John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc.
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and the administrative agent
 and Southwest
Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA


 filed on July&nbsp;7
 2016








 dated as of July&nbsp;7
 2017
 by and among John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc.
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and the administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia
Farm Credit
 ACA


 filed on July&nbsp;11
 2017








 dated as of September&nbsp;30
 2014
 by the Company in favor of Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)


 filed on October&nbsp;3
 2014











 2015


















































 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002











 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002




































































 













 


&#148;) is entered into as of March&nbsp;8
 2010
 by and
among JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC.
&#148;)
 the lenders identified on the signature pages hereof (such lenders
 together with their respective successors and permitted assigns
 are
&#148;)
 and WELLS FARGO CAPITAL FINANCE
 LLC (f/k/a Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC)
 a Delaware limited liability company
 as
&#148;) and as a Lender. Unless otherwise specified herein
 capitalized terms used in this Amendment shall have the meanings ascribed to them by the Credit Agreement (defined below). 


 the Borrower
 Agent
 the Lenders and Wachovia Capital Finance Corporation (Central)
 an Illinois corporation
 as
documentation agent
 have entered into that certain Credit Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008 (as amended
 supplemented
 restated or otherwise modified from time to time
 the &#147;

 on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein
 the Borrower
 Agent and Lenders have agreed to amend the
NOW THEREFORE
 in consideration of the foregoing
 mutual agreements
contained herein and for good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
 the Borrowers
 Agent and Lenders hereby agree as follows: 

 to the Credit Agreement is hereby
amended by amending and restating the following defined terms to read in their entirety as follows: 
&#146; means
 as of any relevant date of determination in any
calendar week
 Excess Availability determined on a seven (7)-day average basis for the immediately preceding week for which a Borrowing Base Certificate has been delivered by Borrower (using weekly adjustments for Accounts and monthly adjustments
for Inventory) in accordance with the Agent&#146;s normal availability tracking procedures; 
&#146; means
 as of any date of determination

annum
 based upon Average Margin Availability: 

















000






&nbsp;$20
000
000&nbsp;but&nbsp;&lt;&nbsp;$30
000






 $30
000



After the First Amendment Effective Date
 the Base Rate Margin shall be
adjusted in accordance with the foregoing on the first day of each calendar month. 
 


&#146; means
 with respect to any fiscal
period
 (a)&nbsp;Borrower&#146;s consolidated net earnings (or loss)
 minus (b)(i) extraordinary gains
 and (ii)&nbsp;interest income for such period
 plus (c)(i) interest expense
 (ii)&nbsp;income taxes
 (iii)&nbsp;depreciation and amortization
(iv)&nbsp;other non-cash expenses
 charges and losses (including
 without limitation
 stock option expenses
 retirement plan expense
 impairment charges and charges and losses arising from accounting pronouncements)
 (v)&nbsp;extraordinary or
nonrecurring non-cash losses for such period
 and (vi)&nbsp;fees
 expenses and prepayment premiums incurred in connection with the consummation of the financing provided under this Agreement and the Term Loan Agreement
 in each case
 determined on a
consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. For the purposes of calculating EBITDA for any period
 (a)&nbsp;if
 at any time during such period
 Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall have made a Permitted Acquisition
 EBITDA for such period shall
 adjustments arising out of events which are directly attributable to such Permitted Acquisition
 are factually supportable
 and are expected to have a continuing
impact
 in each case to be mutually and reasonably agreed upon by Borrower and Agent) as if any such Permitted Acquisition or adjustment occurred on the first day of such period). 
&#146; means
 with respect to any fiscal period and with respect to Borrower
determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP
 the sum
 without duplication
 of (a)&nbsp;Interest Expense paid in cash during such period
 (b)&nbsp;regularly scheduled principal payments of Indebtedness during such period and
(c)&nbsp;earnout payments made during such period on Indebtedness permitted pursuant to 
&#146; means
 with respect to Borrower for any period
 the ratio of
(i)&nbsp;EBITDA for such period
Capital Expenditures not financed with the proceeds of Indebtedness and made (to the extent not already incurred in a prior period) or incurred during such period
 all federal
 state
 and
local income taxes paid in cash during such period
 
 to the extent not already included in EBITDA
 cash tax refunds and receipts for such period to (ii)&nbsp;Fixed Charges for such period. 
&#146; means (a)&nbsp;all obligations for borrowed money
 (b)&nbsp;all obligations
evidenced by bonds
 debentures
 notes
 or other similar instruments and all reimbursement or other obligations in respect of letters of credit
 bankers acceptances
 or other financial products
 (c)&nbsp;all obligations as a lessee under Capital
Leases
 (d)&nbsp;all obligations or liabilities of others secured by a Lien on any asset of a Person or its Subsidiaries
 irrespective of whether such obligation or liability is assumed
 (e)&nbsp;earnouts and all other obligations to pay the
deferred purchase price of assets (other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business and repayable in accordance with customary trade practices)
 (f)&nbsp;all obligations owing under Hedge Agreements
 and (g)&nbsp;any obligation
guaranteeing or intended to guarantee (whether directly or indirectly guaranteed
 endorsed
 co-made
 discounted
 or sold with recourse) any obligation of any other Person that constitutes Indebtedness under any of clauses (a)&nbsp;through
&#146; means
 as of any date of determination
 the following
percentages 
 based upon Average Margin Availability: 

















000







000
000&nbsp;but&nbsp;&lt;&nbsp;$30
000







000




 



 the L/C Margin shall be
LIBOR Rate
Margin
 as of any date of determination
 the following percentages 
 based upon Average Margin Availability: 

















000






&nbsp;$20
000
000&nbsp;but&nbsp;&lt;&nbsp;$30
000






 $30
000



After the First Amendment Effective Date
 the LIBOR Rate Margin shall be
Term
Loan&#146;
 collectively
 (a)&nbsp;the term loans made to Borrower pursuant to the Term Loan Agreement on the Closing Date in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed $45
000
000 and (b)&nbsp;additional term loans made to
the Borrower pursuant to the Term Loan Agreement on or after the First Amendment Effective Date in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $20
000
000.&#148; 
 of the definition of &#147;Borrowing
Base&#148; contained in 

 February
 March
 October
 November and December
$100
000
000 and
 (B)&nbsp;at all other times
 $92
500
000 (in each case
&#148;)
 
&nbsp;of the definition of &#147;Eligible
Accounts&#148; contained in 

obligations owing to Borrower exceed 10%
 or with respect to (i)&nbsp;Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. (and its subsidiaries and affiliates)
 25%
 (ii)&nbsp;Costco Wholesale Corporation or Safeway
 Inc. (and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates)
 15%
or (iii)&nbsp;Target Corporation (and its subsidiaries and affiliates)
 only so long as it has a rating of Baa3 or higher from Moody&#146;s or BBB- or higher from S&amp;P
 20% (each such percentage
 as applied to a particular Account Debtor
 being
subject to reduction by Agent in its Permitted Discretion if the creditworthiness of such Account Debtor deteriorates)
 of all Eligible Accounts
 to the extent of the obligations owing by such Account Debtor in excess of such percentage;

 
 that
 in each case
 the amount of Eligible Accounts that are excluded because they exceed the foregoing percentage shall be determined by Agent based on all of the otherwise Eligible Accounts prior to giving effect
to any eliminations based upon the foregoing concentration limit
&#148; 

&nbsp;thereof
 deleting the &#147;.&#148; at the end of clause (d)&nbsp;thereof and replacing it with &#147;;
or&#148; and inserting a new 

Acquisition
 until the completion of an appraisal and field examination of such Equipment
 in each case
 reasonably 
 



satisfactory to Agent (which appraisal and field examination may be conducted prior to the closing of such Permitted Acquisition).&#148; 

&nbsp;thereof
&nbsp;thereof and replacing it with &#147;;
or&#148; and inserting a new 

Acquisition
 until the completion of a field examination (and
 if required by the Lenders
 that no such appraisal shall be required in connection with the Orchard Valley Acquisition) of such Inventory
 in each case
reasonably satisfactory to Agent (which field examination (and
 if applicable
 appraisal) may be conducted prior to the closing of such Permitted Acquisition).&#148; 

 to the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the word &#147;and&#148; at the end of clause (d)&nbsp;thereof and inserting &#147;
&#148; in its place
 deleting the &#147;.&#148; at the end of clause
(e)&nbsp;thereof and replacing it with &#147;; and&#148; and inserting a new clause (f)&nbsp;to read in its entirety as follows: 

&#148;) so long as (i)&nbsp;the consideration received for the assets to be so
disposed is at least equal to the fair market value thereof
 (ii)&nbsp;the assets to be so disposed are not necessary or economically desirable in connection with the business of Borrower and its Subsidiaries
 and (iii)&nbsp;the assets to be so
disposed are readily identifiable as assets acquired pursuant to the Subject Permitted Acquisition.&#148; 

&nbsp;thereof
&nbsp;thereof and replacing it with
&#147;;&#148; and inserting new 

by a Person acquired in a Permitted Acquisition to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such Permitted Acquisition and were in existence on the date of such Permitted Acquisition.&#148; 

&nbsp;thereof
&nbsp;thereof and replacing it with
&#147;;&#148; and inserting new 

by Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement with respect to a Permitted Acquisition; and 

 that (i)&nbsp;any such Lien is not incurred in connection with or in anticipation of the related Permitted Acquisition and
(ii)&nbsp;such Lien attaches solely to the Equipment or Real Property acquired in such Permitted Acquisition and the proceeds thereof.&#148; 
 


Schedule
1.1
&#146; means (a)&nbsp;the purchase or other acquisition by a Person or its
Subsidiaries of all or substantially all of the assets of (or any division or business line of) any other Person
 or (b)&nbsp;the purchase or other acquisition (whether by means of a merger
 consolidation
 or otherwise) by a Person or its
First
Amendment
 dated as of March&nbsp;8
 2010
 by and among the Borrower
 the Agent and each Lender party thereto. 
&#146; means March&nbsp;8
 2010. 
&#146; means with an Acquisition of Orchard Valley Harvest
 Inc. that
&#146; means any Acquisition so
(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;no Default or Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing or would result from the consummation of the proposed Acquisition and the proposed Acquisition is consensual
 

 assumed
 or would exist
with respect to Borrower or its Subsidiaries as a result of such Acquisition
 other than Indebtedness permitted under clause 
 
 and no Liens will be incurred
assumed
 or would exist with respect to the assets of Borrower or its Subsidiaries as a result or such Acquisition other than Permitted Liens
 

supported by reasonably detailed calculations
 adjustments arising out of events which are directly attributable to such proposed Acquisition
 are factually supportable
 and are expected
to have a continuing impact
 in each case
 determined as if the combination had been accomplished at the beginning of the relevant period; such eliminations and inclusions to be mutually and reasonably agreed upon by Borrower and Agent) created by
adding the historical combined financial statements of Borrower (including the combined financial statements of any other Person or assets that were the subject of a prior Permitted Acquisition during the relevant period) to the historical
consolidated financial statements of the Person to be acquired (or the historical financial statements related to the assets to be acquired) pursuant to the proposed Acquisition
 Borrower and its Subsidiaries would have been in compliance with the
 of the Agreement for the 4 fiscal quarter period ended immediately prior to the proposed date of consummation of such proposed Acquisition
 

information as requested by Agent
 including
 without limitation
 forecasted balance sheets
 profit and loss statements
 and cash flow statements of the Person or assets to be acquired for the remainder of the fiscal year in which the proposed
Acquisition is consummated for such Person or related to such assets
 all prepared on a basis consistent with such Person&#146;s (or assets&#146;) historical financial statements
 together with appropriate supporting details and a statement of
underlying assumptions
 on a quarter by quarter basis
 in form and substance (including as to scope and underlying assumptions) reasonably satisfactory to Agent
 
 



 Qualified Cash in an amount equal to or greater than $20
000
000 after giving effect to the consummation of the proposed Acquisition; 
 that
 for purposes of this 
 the calculation of
Availability shall include Accounts
 Inventory and Equipment acquired by the Borrower pursuant to such Acquisition only to the extent that such Accounts
 Inventory and Equipment constitute Eligible Accounts
 Eligible Inventory and Eligible
Equipment
 respectively
(f)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Borrower has provided Agent
with written notice of the proposed Acquisition at least 15 Business Days prior to the anticipated closing date of the proposed Acquisition and
 not later than 5 Business Days prior to the anticipated closing date of the proposed Acquisition
 copies
of the acquisition agreement and other material documents relative to the proposed Acquisition
 which agreement and documents must be reasonably acceptable to Agent
 

amount of assets in relation to Borrower&#146;s and its Subsidiaries&#146; total assets)
 or the Person whose Stock is being acquired
 are useful in or engaged in
 as applicable
 the business of Borrower and its Subsidiaries or a business reasonably
related thereto
(h)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;the assets being acquired (other than
amount of assets in relation to Borrower&#146;s and its Subsidiaries&#146; total assets) are located within the United States or the Person whose Stock is being acquired is organized in a jurisdiction located within the United
States
(i)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;the subject assets or Stock
 as applicable
 are
being acquired directly by a Borrower or one of its Subsidiaries that is a Loan Party
 and
 in connection therewith
 Borrower or the applicable Loan Party shall have complied with 
 as applicable
 of the
Agreement and
 in the case of an acquisition of Stock
 Borrower or the applicable Loan Party shall have demonstrated to Agent that the new Loan Parties have received consideration sufficient to make the joinder documents binding and enforceable
against such new Loan Parties
(j)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;the cash
consideration payable at closing in respect of all Permitted Acquisitions (including the proposed Acquisition) shall not exceed $50
000
000 in the aggregate.&#148; 
 of the Credit Agreement is hereby
amended by deleting the word &#147;and&#148; at the end of clause (e)&nbsp;thereof
 replacing the &#147;.&#148; at the end of clause (f)&nbsp;thereof with &#147;;&#148; and inserting the following new 
&nbsp;and


indemnification obligation
 adjustment of purchase price
 non-compete
 or similar obligation of Borrower or the applicable Loan Party incurred in connection with the consummation of one or more Permitted Acquisitions; 

Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not to exceed $14
000
000 (as such amount may be adjusted by purchase accounting adjustments made in accordance with GAAP) comprising: (i)&nbsp;earnouts and (ii)&nbsp;Purchase Money Indebtedness and other
 that no such Purchase Money Indebtedness or other Indebtedness was incurred in anticipation of or in connection with such Permitted Acquisition and any Lien on such Equipment
and/or Real Property securing such Indebtedness is permitted under 
 



the Indebtedness set forth in the first row of the table set forth in 
 Indebtedness under the Term Loan Documents in an aggregate amount not to exceed $20
000
000; provided that at the time of
 and immediately after giving
effect to
 the incurrence of any such Indebtedness
 no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.&#148; 
 of the Credit Agreement is hereby
amended by inserting the phrase &#147;Other than in order to consummate a Permitted Acquisition:&#148; immediately prior to 
 of the
Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: 
. Have
 on any date
on which Average Excess Availability is less than $25
000
000
 a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
 measured on a trailing 12-month-end basis on the last day of each fiscal month of the Borrower
 less than the required amount set forth in the following
table for the applicable period set forth opposite thereto: 












For the trailing 12 months
ending on the last day of the then most-recently ended fiscal month of the Borrower and the last day of each fiscal month thereafter until such time as Average Excess Availability is equal to or greater than $25
000
000 for three consecutive fiscal
months
. This
Amendment shall become effective when (i)&nbsp;the Agent shall have received duly executed counterparts of this Amendment from the Borrower and the Required Lenders and the Agent shall have executed and delivered its counterpart to this Amendment
(ii)&nbsp;the Agent shall have received from Borrower duly executed counterparts to the amended and restated Fee Letter executed and executed and delivered its signed counterpart to the Borrower
 and (iii)&nbsp;the Agent shall have received in
SECTION
3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 the Credit
Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed; and 

purpose set forth herein and shall be limited precisely as written
 and shall not be deemed to (i)&nbsp;be a consent to any amendment
 waiver of or modification of any other term or condition of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document
(ii)&nbsp;operate as a waiver of or otherwise prejudice any right
 power or remedy that Agent or Lenders may now have or may have in the future under or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or (iii)&nbsp;constitute an
amendment or waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any Loan Document
 except as specifically set forth herein. Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment
 each reference in the Credit Agreement to &#147;this Agreement&#148;
&#147;herein&#148;
 &#147;hereof&#148; and words of like import and each reference in the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement shall mean the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. This Amendment shall be construed in
connection with and as part of the Credit Agreement. 
 


Costs and
 of the Credit Agreement
 the Borrower shall pay all costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of Agent and Lenders arising from or relating to this Amendment constituting Lender Group
. THE VALIDITY OF THIS
AMENDMENT
 THE CONSTRUCTION
 INTERPRETATION
 AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF
 AND THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES HERETO WITH RESPECT TO ALL MATTERS ARISING HEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO SHALL BE DETERMINED UNDER
 GOVERNED BY
 AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
. Section
headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute part of this Amendment for any other purposes. 
. This Amendment may be executed in any
number of counterparts
 each of which when so executed shall be deemed an original
 but all such counterparts shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

 



 the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed
by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized
 as of the date first above written. 















 INC.











































 LLC (f/k/a Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC)
 a Delaware limited liability company
 as Agent and as a Lender












































 as a Lender











































[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FIRST
AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT] 













 
Subsidiaries of John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. 

















JBSS Ventures
 LLC


















 



333-108298
333-154850
 of John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. of
our report dated August&nbsp;23
 2017 relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 which appears in this Form 
Chicago
 Illinois 

 2017 













 
I
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 certify
that: 



 of John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;29
 2017; 





 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 











 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 





 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2017 















Chairman of the Board
and














 
I
 Michael J. Valentine
 certify
that: 



 of John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;29
 2017; 





 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 











 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 





 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2017 















Chief Financial
Officer
 Group President and Secretary














 
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 
for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;29
 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
 certify
 pursuant to 18
U.S.C. &#167;&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
1. The Report fully
2. The information contained in the Report
fairly presents
 in all material respects
August&nbsp;23
 2017 









Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board














 
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 
for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;29
 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Michael J. Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary
 certify
 pursuant to 18
U.S.C. &#167;&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that based on my knowledge: 








 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

 2017 










 Group President and Secretary




















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Promotion
 Marketing and Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Promotions
 allowances and customer rebates are recorded at the
 time revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions in
 sales. Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon projected
 volumes for the year
 while promotions and allowances are recorded
 based upon terms of the actual arrangements. Coupon incentive costs
 are accrued based on an estimate of redemptions to occur.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Marketing and advertising costs are incurred to promote and support
 branded products in the consumer distribution channel. These costs
 are generally expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Marketing and advertising expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
064&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
069&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 11 &amp;#x2014; EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We maintain a contributory plan established pursuant to the
 provisions of section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan
 provides retirement benefits for all nonunion employees meeting
 minimum age and service requirements. We currently match 100% of
 the first three percent contributed by each employee and 50% of the
 next two percent contributed
 up to certain maximums specified in
 the plan. Our expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the
 last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 401(k) plan expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
604&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2009
 we recorded a long-term
 liability of $868 for the withdrawal from the multiemployer plan
 (&amp;#x201C;Route pension&amp;#x201D;) for the &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;step-van&lt;/font&gt; drivers that were employed
 for our store-door delivery system that was discontinued during
 fiscal 2008. Pursuant to terms of settlement with a labor union
 we
 are making monthly payments of $8 (including interest) through
 April 2022.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The total Route pension liability was as follows for the last two
 fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Route pension liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;466&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Virtually all of our salaried employees participate in our
 Sanfilippo Value Added Plan (as amended
 the &amp;#x201C;SVA
 Plan&amp;#x201D;) which is a cash incentive plan (an economic value
 added-based program) administered by our Compensation Committee. We
 accrue expense related to the SVA Plan in the annual period that
 the economic performance underlying such performance occurs. This
 method of expense recognition properly matches the expense
 associated with improved economic performance with the period the
 improved performance occurs on a systematic and rational basis. The
 SVA Plan payments are paid to participants in the first quarter of
 the following fiscal year.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 7 &amp;#x2014; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We primarily lease certain office and material handling equipment
 pursuant to agreements accounted for as operating leases. Rent
 expense aggregated under these operating leases was as follows for
 the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rent expense related to operating leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
775&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Aggregate &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-cancelable&lt;/font&gt;
 lease commitments under these operating leases with initial or
 remaining terms greater than one year are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;969&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;558&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;142&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;$2
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Litigation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We are currently a party to various legal proceedings in the
 ordinary course of business. While management presently believes
 that the ultimate outcomes of these proceedings
 individually and
 in the aggregate
 will not materially affect our financial
 position
 results of operations or cash flows
 legal proceedings
 are subject to inherent uncertainties
 and unfavorable outcomes
 could occur. Unfavorable outcomes could include substantial money
 damages in excess of any appropriate accruals which management has
 established. Were such unfavorable final outcomes to occur
 there
 exists the possibility of a material adverse effect on our
 financial position
 results of operations and cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We are subject to a class-action complaint for an employment
 related matter. Mediation for this matter occurred in June 2017
 which for the first time we were provided with an initial monetary
 demand. In August 2017
 we agreed in principle to a $1
200
 settlement for which we are fully reserved at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;The &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-monetary&lt;/font&gt; components of the
 settlement are still being finalized.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 13 &amp;#x2014; ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The table below sets forth the changes to accumulated other
 comprehensive loss (&amp;#x201C;AOCL&amp;#x201D;) for the last two fiscal
 years. These changes are all related to our defined benefit pension
 plan.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=86%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Changes to AOCL &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
425&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
938&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
239&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
021&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
591&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
425&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate
 debits/expense.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss
 for the last two fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassifications from AOCL
 to earnings &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Affected line item in the&lt;br /&gt;
 Consolidated Statements of&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined benefit pension items:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Administrative&amp;#xA0;expenses&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total before tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;502&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;383&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Income&amp;#xA0;tax&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined pension items
 net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(820&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(624&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate
 debits to expense. See Note 12 &amp;#x2014; &amp;#x201C;Retirement
 Plan&amp;#x201D; above for additional details.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We account for comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic
 220
 &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/i&gt;. This topic establishes standards
 for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its
 components in a full set of general-purpose financial statements.
 The topic requires that all components of comprehensive income be
 reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same
 prominence as other financial statements. This topic also requires
 all &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-owner&lt;/font&gt; changes in
 stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity be presented in either a single
 continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but
 consecutive statements. This guidance also requires presentation by
 the respective line items of net income
 either on the face of the
 statement where net income is presented or in the notes and
 information about significant amounts required under U.S. GAAP to
 be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income in
 their entirety. For amounts not required to be reclassified in
 their entirety to net income
 we provide a cross-reference to other
 disclosures that offer additional details about those amounts.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 4 &amp;#x2014; REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 On February&amp;#xA0;7
 2008
 we entered into a Credit Agreement with a
 bank group (the &amp;#x201C;Bank Lenders&amp;#x201D;) providing a $117
500
 revolving loan commitment and letter of credit subfacility (the
 &amp;#x201C;Credit Facility&amp;#x201D;). The Credit Facility is secured by
 substantially all our assets other than real property and
 fixtures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 At June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 and June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 the weighted average
 interest rate for the Credit Facility was 3.11% and 3.75%
 respectively. The terms of the Credit Facility contain covenants
 that require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 acquisitions
 and certain sales of assets
 cash dividends
 redemptions of capital
 stock and prepayment of indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among
 other things
 is of a subordinate debt). If loan availability under
 the Borrowing Base Calculation falls below $25
000
 we will be
 required to maintain a specified fixed charge coverage ratio
 tested on a monthly basis. All cash received from customers is
 required to be applied against the Credit Facility. The Bank
 Lenders are entitled to require immediate repayment of our
 obligations under the Credit Facility in the event of default on
 the payments required under the Credit Facility
 a change in
 control in the ownership of the Company
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-compliance&lt;/font&gt; with the financial
 covenant or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us
 under the Credit Facility (including a default under the Mortgage
 Facility). As of June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 we were in compliance with the
 financial covenant under the Credit Facility and we currently
 expect to be in compliance with the financial covenant in the
 Credit Facility for the next twelve months. As of June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 we had $84
369 of available credit under the Credit Facility
 which reflects borrowings of $29
456 and reduced availability as a
 result of $3
675 in outstanding letters of credit. We would still
 be in compliance with all restrictive covenants under the Credit
 Facility if this entire amount were borrowed.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;7
 2017
 we entered into the Eighth Amendment to
 Credit Facility (the &amp;#x201C;Eighth Amendment&amp;#x201D;). See Note 18
 &amp;#x2013; &amp;#x201C;Subsequent Events&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Our Board of Directors declared the following special cash
 dividends payable in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=17%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=21%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=18%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Declaration Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Record Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dividend&amp;#xA0;Per&lt;br /&gt;
 Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&amp;#xA0;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Payment Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 November&amp;#xA0;1
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 November&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
314&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;13
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 July&amp;#xA0;7
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 July&amp;#xA0;21
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
150&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 August&amp;#xA0;4
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 October&amp;#xA0;27
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;2
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
486&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;11
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 9 &amp;#x2014; STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 At our annual meeting of stockholders on October&amp;#xA0;29
 2014
 our
 stockholders approved a new equity incentive plan (the &amp;#x201C;2014
 Omnibus Plan&amp;#x201D;) under which awards of options and other
 stock-based awards may be made to employees
 officers or
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-employee&lt;/font&gt; directors of
 our Company. A total of 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock are
 authorized for grants of awards thereunder
 which may be in the
 form of options
 restricted stock
 RSUs
 stock appreciation rights
 (&amp;#x201C;SARs&amp;#x201D;)
 performance shares
 performance units
 Common
 Stock or dividends and dividend equivalents. As of June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 there were 820
539 shares of Common Stock that remained
 authorized for future grants of awards
 subject to the limitations
 set below. Under the terms of the Omnibus Plan
 the total number of
 shares of Common Stock with respect to which options or SARs may be
 granted in any calendar year to any participant may not exceed
 500
000 shares (this limit applies separately with respect to each
 type of award). Additionally
 under the terms of the Omnibus Plan
 for awards of restricted stock
 RSUs
 performance shares or other
 stock-based awards that are intended to qualify as
 performance-based compensation: (i)&amp;#xA0;the total number of shares
 of Common Stock that may be granted in any calendar year to any
 participant may not exceed 250
000 shares (this limit applies
 separately to each type of award) and (ii)&amp;#xA0;the maximum amount
 that may be paid to any participant for awards that are payable in
 cash or property other than Common Stock in any calendar year is
 $5
000. For fiscal 2017
 the Board of Directors adopted an equity
 grant cap which further restricted the number of awards that could
 be made to any one participant or in the aggregate. The equity
 grant cap limited the number of awards to 250
000 awards to all
 participants and 20
000 awards to any one participant for the 2017
 fiscal year.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Except as set forth in the 2014
 Omnibus Plan
 RSUs have vesting periods of three years for awards
 to employees and one year for awards to &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-employee&lt;/font&gt; members of the Board of
 Directors. Recipients of RSUs have the option to defer receipt of
 vested shares until a specified later date
 typically soon after
 separation from the Company. The exercise price of stock options is
 determined as set forth in the 2014 Omnibus Plan by the
 Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors
 and has to be at
 least the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of
 grant. Except as set forth in the 2014 Omnibus Plan
 stock options
 expire upon termination of employment or directorship
 as
 applicable. Stock options granted under the 2014 Omnibus Plan are
 exercisable 25% annually commencing on the first anniversary date
 of grant and became fully exercisable on the fourth anniversary
 date of grant. Options generally will expire no later than ten
 years after the date on which they were granted. We issue new
 shares of Common Stock upon exercise of stock options.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We determine the fair value of stock option awards using the
 Black-Scholes option-pricing model; however
 there were no options
 granted in fiscal 2017
 fiscal 2016 or fiscal 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following is a summary of stock option activity for the year
 ended June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term&amp;#xA0;in&amp;#xA0;Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.78&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the total intrinsic value of all
 options exercised and the total cash received from the exercise of
 options for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total intrinsic value of options exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;792&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;781&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total cash received from exercise of options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 All options were fully vested as of June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016.&amp;#xA0;Exercise prices for options outstanding as of
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 ranged from $8.71 to $14.73.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The fair value of RSUs is generally determined based on the market
 price of our Common Stock on the date of grant. The fair value of
 RSUs granted for the years ended June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
&amp;#xA0;June 30
 2016 and June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015 was $2
773
 $3
212 and $2
835
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following is a summary of RSU activity for the year ended
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 76.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Restricted Stock Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant-&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;228
270&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32.33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45
213&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61.33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27.91&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
199&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30.23&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;201
858&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40.36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 At June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 there were 68
673 RSUs outstanding that were
 vested but deferred. At June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 there were 58
561 RSUs
 outstanding that were vested but deferred. The &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-vested&lt;/font&gt; RSUs at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 will vest over a weighted-average period of 1.2 years. The fair
 value of RSUs that vested for the years ended June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
&amp;#xA0;June 30
 2016 and June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015 was $1
910
 $928
 and $615
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes compensation cost charged to
 earnings for all equity compensation plans and the total income tax
 benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation cost charged to earnings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
489&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
952&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax benefit recognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 At June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 there was $3
008 of total unrecognized
 compensation cost related to &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-vested&lt;/font&gt; share-based compensation
 arrangements granted under our stock-based compensation plans. We
 expect to recognize that cost over a weighted-average period of 1.2
 years.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share are calculated using the weighted
 average number of shares of Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock
 outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects
 the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other
 contracts to issue Common Stock were exercised or converted into
 Common Stock or resulted in the issuance of Common Stock.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted
 average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted
 earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
317
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
233
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
150
658&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options and restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
456&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;97
601&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
403
605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
332
924&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
248
259&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive awards
 excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
068&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average exercise price per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65.35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) defines fair value as the price that
 would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
 an orderly transaction between market participants on the
 measurement date. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy
 that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure
 fair value into three broad levels:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Level&amp;#xA0;1- Quoted prices in active markets that are accessible
 at the measurement date for identical assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Level&amp;#xA0;2- Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active
 markets. For example
 quoted prices for similar assets or
 liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets
 or liabilities in inactive markets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Level&amp;#xA0;3- Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no
 market data available.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The carrying values of cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts
 payable approximate their fair values at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 and
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 because of the short-term maturities and nature
 of these balances.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The carrying value of our Credit Facility (as defined in Note 4
 &amp;#x2013; &amp;#x201C;Revolving Credit Facility&amp;#x201D; in the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements &amp;#x201C;Revolving Credit
 Facility&amp;#x201D; below) borrowings approximates fair value at
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 and June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 because interest rates on
 this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2
 criteria)
 the short-term maturity and nature of this balance. In
 addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent
 credit risk.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value
 estimate of our current and long-term debt
 excluding unamortized
 debt issuance costs:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Carrying value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
808&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
316&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
479&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The estimated fair value of long-term debt was determined using a
 market approach based upon Level&amp;#xA0;2 observable inputs
 which
 estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on
 loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or
 broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes
 in the underlying assets securing our long-term debt.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 3 &amp;#x2014; INTANGIBLE ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Intangible assets subject to amortization consist of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less accumulated amortization:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
231&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
369&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Customer relationships relate wholly to the Orchard Valley Harvest
 (&amp;#x201C;OVH&amp;#x201D;) acquisition completed in fiscal 2010 which
 became fully amortized in fiscal 2017. The brand name consists
 primarily of the &lt;i&gt;Fisher&lt;/i&gt; brand name
 which we acquired in a
 1995 acquisition. The &lt;i&gt;Fisher&lt;/i&gt; brand name became fully
 amortized in fiscal 2011. The remainder of the brand name relates
 to the OVH acquisition which became fully amortized in fiscal
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Total amortization expense related to intangible assets
 which is
 classified in administrative expense in the Consolidated Statement
 of Comprehensive Income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
369&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
710&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
167&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Total amortization expense related to intangible assets
 which is
 classified in administrative expense in the Consolidated Statement
 of Comprehensive Income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
369&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
710&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
167&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 6 &amp;#x2014; INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The provision for income taxes is based entirely on income before
 income taxes earned in the United States
 and is as follows for the
 last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
015&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
916&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
744&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
222&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
757&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
237&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
698&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(210&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
589&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred state&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred benefit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
744&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(170&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total income tax expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
067&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
559&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The reconciliations of income taxes at the statutory federal income
 tax rate to income tax expense reported in the Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income for the last three fiscal years
 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development tax credit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Domestic manufacturing deduction&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Windfall tax benefits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Uncertain tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effective tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 After the adoption of ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-09&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;in fiscal
 2017
 windfall tax benefits are a permanent difference recognized
 as a component of income tax expense.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected
 future tax consequences of temporary differences between the
 financial statement basis and the tax basis of assets and
 liabilities using enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future
 years. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax assets (liabilities):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;521&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
726&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;345&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;353&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
826&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
315&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capitalized leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
440&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill and intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
939&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
046&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retirement plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
661&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Workers&amp;#x2019; compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
251&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Share based compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
908&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capital loss carryforward&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;483&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax asset &amp;#x2014; long term&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
095&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management
 considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
 all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
 realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation
 of future taxable income of the character necessary during the
 periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.
 Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax
 liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and
 carryforward periods)
 projected future taxable income
 and&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;tax-planning&lt;/font&gt;strategies in making this
 assessment. During fiscal 2017 the total valuation allowance did
 not change and in fiscal 2016 the net change in the total valuation
 allowance was a $4 decrease. If or when recognized
 the tax
 benefits relating to any reversal of the valuation allowance will
 be recognized as a reduction of income tax expense.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 For the years ending June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 and June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest and penalties were
 $173 and $62. Accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain
 tax positions are not material for any periods presented. Interest
 and penalties within income tax expense were not material for any
 period presented. The total gross amounts of unrecognized tax
 benefits were $174 and $24 at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 and June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Beginning balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;247&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross increases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in prior year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross decreases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in prior year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(91&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(137&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross increases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in current year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(166&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Ending balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;174&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the
 annual effective tax rate on income from continuing operations
 are
 as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits that would affect annual effective tax
 rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 During fiscal 2017
 the change in unrecognized tax benefits due to
 statute expiration was not material. We do not anticipate that
 total unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the
 next twelve months.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 There were certain changes in state tax laws during the period the
 impact of which was insignificant. We file income tax returns with
 federal and state tax authorities within the United States of
 America. Our federal and Illinois tax returns are open for audit
 for fiscal 2015 and 2016. Our California tax returns for fiscal
 2013 and 2014 are under audit and fiscal 2015 and 2016 are open for
 audit. No other tax jurisdictions are material to us.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We review held and used long-lived assets
 including our rental
 investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows
 whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that
 the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such
 events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
 expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the
 asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long-lived asset
 or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of
 future cash flows derived from the most recent business
 projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair
 value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We did not record any impairment of long-lived assets for the last
 three fiscal years.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach
 that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
 liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that
 have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such
 items give rise to differences in the financial reporting and tax
 basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded
 to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more
 likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be
 realized. In estimating future tax consequences
 we consider all
 expected future events other than changes in tax law or rates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We record liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on a
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;two-step&lt;/font&gt; process. The
 first step is recognition
 where we evaluate whether an individual
 tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being
 sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the
 position
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation
 processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a
 less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is
 recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold
 in the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the
 benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may
 differ from our estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the
 recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax
 positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are
 recorded in results of operations and financial position in the
 period in which such changes occur.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized
 tax benefits in the Income tax expense caption in the Consolidated
 Statement of Comprehensive Income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering
 our historical taxable income and future taxable income based upon
 the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $171 of net basis differences for which we have provided
 a valuation allowance.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 2 &amp;#x2014; INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Inventories consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Raw material and supplies&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79
609&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
005&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Work-in-process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; and finished
 goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102
811&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;182
420&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;156
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Inventories
 which consist principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of cost &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(first-in
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out)&lt;/font&gt; or market which
 approximates actual cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at least
 quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews and other nuts may affect the value of
 inventory
 gross profit and gross profit margin. When expected
 market sales prices move below costs
 we record adjustments to
 write down the carrying values of inventories to the lower of cost
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(first-in
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out)&lt;/font&gt; or market. The results of
 our shelling process can also result in changes to inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus expected crop
 yields. We maintain significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell
 pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 are determined based on our inventory systems and are subject to
 quarterly physical verification techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The quantities of each crop year
 bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to
 fifteen-month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates are
 also recorded.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 5 &amp;#x2014; LONG-TERM DEBT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Long-term debt consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Mortgage Facility (&amp;#x201C;Tranche A&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly principal installments of $200 plus
 interest at 7.63%&amp;#xA0;per annum through February 2023 with a final
 principal payment of $600 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
200&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Mortgage Facility (&amp;#x201C;Tranche B&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly principal installments of $50 plus
 interest at the greater of one month LIBOR plus 3.50%&amp;#xA0;per
 annum or 4.25% through February 2023 with a final principal payment
 of $150 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
150&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Selma
 Texas facility financing obligation to related parties
 due
 in monthly installments of $103 through September&amp;#xA0;1
 2031&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
540&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Unamortized debt issuance costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(179&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(244&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
629&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
046&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Less: Current maturities
 net of unamortized debt issuance
 costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total long-term debt
 net of unamortized debt issuance costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
211&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 On February&amp;#xA0;7
 2008
 we entered into a Loan Agreement with an
 insurance company (the &amp;#x201C;Mortgage Lender&amp;#x201D;) providing us
 with two term loans
 one in the amount of $36
000 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche
 A&amp;#x201D;) and the other in the amount of $9
000 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche
 B&amp;#x201D;)
 for an aggregate amount of $45
000 (the &amp;#x201C;Mortgage
 Facility&amp;#x201D;). The Mortgage Facility is secured by mortgages on
 essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina (the
 &amp;#x201C;Encumbered Properties&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Tranche A under the Mortgage Facility accrues interest at a fixed
 interest rate of 7.63%&amp;#xA0;per annum
 payable monthly. As
 mentioned above
 such interest rate may be reset by the Mortgage
 Lender on the Tranche A Reset Date. Tranche B under the Mortgage
 Facility accrues interest
 as reset on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2016
 at a
 floating rate of the greater of (i)&amp;#xA0;one month LIBOR plus
 3.50%&amp;#xA0;per annum or (ii)&amp;#xA0;4.25%
 payable monthly (the
 &amp;#x201C;Floating Rate&amp;#x201D;). The margin on such floating rate may
 be reset by the Mortgage Lender on each Tranche B Reset Date;
 provided
 however
 that the Mortgage Lender may also change the
 underlying index on each Tranche B Reset Date occurring on or after
 March&amp;#xA0;1
 2018. We do not currently anticipate that any change
 in the floating rate or the underlying index will have a material
 adverse effect upon our business
 financial condition or results of
 operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The terms of the Mortgage Facility contain covenants that require
 us to maintain a specified net worth of $110
000 and maintain the
 Encumbered Properties. The Mortgage Lender is entitled to require
 immediate repayment of our obligations under the Mortgage Facility
 in the event we default in the payments required under the Mortgage
 Facility
 &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;non-compliance&lt;/font&gt;
 with the covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults
 by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 we
 were in compliance with all financial covenants under the Mortgage
 Facility. The carrying amount of assets pledged as collateral for
 the Mortgage Facility was approximately $73
427 at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 In September 2006
 we sold our Selma
 Texas properties to two
 related party partnerships for $14
300 and are leasing them back.
 The selling price was determined by an independent appraiser to be
 the fair market value which also approximated our carrying value.
 The lease for the Selma
 Texas properties has a &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;ten-year&lt;/font&gt; term at a fair market value
 rent with three five-year renewal options. Also
 we currently have
 the option to purchase the properties from the partnerships at 95%
 (100% in certain circumstances) of the then fair market value
 but
 not to be less than the $14
300 purchase price. The financing
 obligation is being accounted for similar to the accounting for a
 capital lease
 whereby the purchase price was recorded as a debt
 obligation
 as the provisions of the arrangement are not eligible
 for sale-leaseback accounting. The balance of the debt obligation
 outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 was $11
058.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 In September 2015
 we signed a lease renewal which exercised two
 five-year renewal options and extended the term of our Selma lease
 to September&amp;#xA0;18
 2026 (unless we purchase it before such
 date). One five-year renewal option remains. Beginning in the
 second quarter of fiscal 2017
 the base monthly lease amount
 decreased to $103.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Aggregate maturities of long-term debt are as follows for the
 fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
473&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
070&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
808&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Significant Customers and Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The highly competitive nature of our business provides an
 environment for the loss of customers and the opportunity to gain
 new customers. We are subject to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts receivable
 and we attempt to mitigate
 this risk through our credit evaluation process
 collection terms
 and through geographical dispersion of sales. Sales to three
 customers each exceeded 10% of net sales during fiscal 2017 and
 fiscal 2016. In fiscal 2015 two customers each exceeded 10% of net
 sales. Sales to these customers represented approximately 53%
 50%
 and 39% of our net sales in fiscal 2017
 fiscal 2016 and fiscal
 2015
 respectively. Net accounts receivable from these customers
 were 56% and 51% of net accounts receivable at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 and June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;


 two of whom are also executive officers

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following recent accounting pronouncements were adopted in the
 current fiscal year:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-09&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718)&amp;#x201D;. This ASU
 is part of the FASB&amp;#x2019;s simplification initiative. The areas
 for simplification in this update involve several aspects of the
 accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including the
 income tax consequences
 forfeitures
 classification of awards as
 either equity or liabilities
 statutory withholding requirements
 and classification on the statement of cash flows. The Company
 early adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal
 2017. The cumulative adjustment for the impact of this change in
 accounting principle was immaterial. Cash flows related to excess
 tax benefits will be classified prospectively as operating
 activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Prior
 periods have not been adjusted. The Company anticipates increased
 volatility in income tax expense
 mainly in the second quarter of
 each fiscal year
 since historically most equity compensation
 granted in prior periods vests during that quarter.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-05&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;Intangibles
 &amp;#x2014; Goodwill and Other &amp;#x2014; &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Internal-Use&lt;/font&gt; Software (Subtopic
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;350-40):&lt;/font&gt; Customer&amp;#x2019;s
 Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement&amp;#x201D;.
 This update provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud
 computing arrangement includes a software license or service
 contract. This update became effective for the Company beginning
 the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The adoption of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-05&lt;/font&gt; did not have a material impact
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-03&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;835-30)&lt;/font&gt; Simplifying the Presentation
 of Debt Issuance Costs&amp;#x201D;. This update requires that debt
 issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented
 in the balance sheet as a direct reduction from the carrying amount
 of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. ASU
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-03&lt;/font&gt; was effective for
 the Company beginning with the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The
 adoption of this standard required retrospective adjustment to our
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. As a result
 Other assets decreased
 approximately $244 as of June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 and this amount was
 allocated within Current maturities of long term debt and Long term
 debt. Adoption of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-03&lt;/font&gt; did not have an effect on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity
 results of operations
 or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In February 2015
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-02&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;Consolidation
 (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis&amp;#x201D;. This
 update focuses on a reporting company&amp;#x2019;s consolidation
 evaluation to determine whether it should consolidate certain legal
 entities. The guidance ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-02&lt;/font&gt; became effective for the
 Company beginning with the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The
 adoption of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-02&lt;/font&gt;
 did not have any impact to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2014-15&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;Presentation
 of Financial Statements&amp;#x2014;Going Concern (Topic &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;205-40)&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/font&gt; The guidance requires
 management to perform interim and annual assessments of an
 entity&amp;#x2019;s ability to continue as a going concern within one
 year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity
 must provide certain disclosures if conditions or events raise
 substantial doubt about the entity&amp;#x2019;s ability to continue as a
 going concern. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-15&lt;/font&gt;
 was effective for the Company beginning with the first quarter of
 fiscal 2017. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our
 Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following recent accounting pronouncements have not yet been
 adopted:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In May 2017
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2017-09&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;Compensation&amp;#x2014;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of
 Modification Accounting&amp;#x201D;. The amendments in this update
 provide guidance about which changes to terms or conditions of a
 share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification
 accounting in Topic 718. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-09&lt;/font&gt; will be effective for the
 Company in fiscal 2019 and should be applied prospectively to an
 award modified on or after the adoption date. The Company does not
 expect ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-09&lt;/font&gt; to have
 a material impact to the Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In March 2017
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2017-07&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;Compensation&amp;#x2014;Retirement Benefits (Topic 715):
 Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net
 Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost&amp;#x201D;. The amendments in this
 update require the service cost component of pension expense to be
 disaggregated from the other components of net periodic benefit
 cost and be presented in the same line items as other employee
 compensation costs. All other components of net periodic benefit
 cost must be presented in the income statement separately from the
 service cost component and outside a subtotal of income from
 operations. This update is effective for public business entities
 for annual periods beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those annual periods. Early
 adoption is permitted as long as it is early adopted in the first
 interim period of an annual year and financial statements have not
 been issued or made available for issuance prior to adoption. The
 amendments in this update should be applied using a retrospective
 transition method
 however
 a practical expedient is offered with
 regard to the prior comparative periods. The Company plans to early
 adopt this update beginning in fiscal 2018 and does not expect the
 impact of this new guidance to have a significant impact on its
 financial position
 results of operations and disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-17&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;Consolidation
 (Topic 810): Interests Held Through Related Parties That Are Under
 Common Control&amp;#x201D;. This update is amending ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-02&lt;/font&gt; and affects reporting entities
 that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate a
 variable interest entity in certain situations involving entities
 under common control. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-17&lt;/font&gt; will be effective for the
 Company in fiscal 2018 and will require retrospective application.
 The Company does not expect ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-17&lt;/font&gt; to have any impact to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-15&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;Statement of
 Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and
 Cash Payments&amp;#x201D;. This update addresses eight specific cash
 flow issues with the objective of reducing the perceived diversity
 in practice. The amendments in this update are effective for public
 business entities for fiscal years beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 and interim periods within those fiscal
 years. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an
 interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an
 interim period
 any adjustments should be reflected as of the
 beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An
 entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments
 in the same period. The amendments in this update should be applied
 using a retrospective transition method to each period presented.
 The Company does not expect a material impact to our statement of
 cash flows once ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-15&lt;/font&gt; is adopted in fiscal 2019.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-13&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;Financial
 Instruments&amp;#x2014;Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit
 Losses on Financial Instruments&amp;#x201D;. The main objective of this
 update is to provide financial statement users with more
 decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on
 financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held
 by a reporting entity at each reporting date. The amendments in
 this update replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in
 current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit
 losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable
 and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. The
 amendments in this update are effective for public business
 entities for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2019
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. A
 modified-retrospective approach is required in the first reporting
 period in which the guidance is effective through a
 cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings. We do not expect
 ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2013-13&lt;/font&gt; will have a
 significant impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements once
 adopted in fiscal 2021.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-02&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;Leases (Topic
 842)&amp;#x201D;. The primary goal of this update is to require the
 lessee to recognize all lease commitments
 both operating and
 finance
 by initially recording a lease asset and liability on the
 balance sheet at the lease commencement date. Additionally
 enhanced qualitative and quantitative disclosures will be required.
 ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-02&lt;/font&gt; is effective
 for public business entities for annual periods
 including interim
 periods within those annual periods
 beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018. This new guidance will be effective for the
 Company beginning in fiscal year 2020 and we do not expect to early
 adopt. This guidance must be adopted using a modified retrospective
 approach. The Company expects this new guidance to have a
 significant impact on its total assets and total liabilities
 and
 lead to increased financial statement disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-11&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Inventory
 (Topic 330) Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;.
 This update applies to inventory measured using &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-in
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out&lt;/font&gt; or average cost and requires
 inventory be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable
 value. Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling prices
 in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable
 costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. This update will
 be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2018 with
 prospective application required. The Company does not anticipate
 this guidance will have a material impact to its Consolidated
 Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&amp;#x201D; and created a new ASC
 Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 and added ASC
 Subtopic &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;340-40
&lt;/font&gt; Other
 Assets and Deferred Costs &amp;#x2014; Contracts with Customers. The
 guidance in this update supersedes the revenue recognition
 requirements in ASC Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 and most
 industry-specific guidance throughout the industry topics of the
 codification. Under the new guidance
 an entity should recognize
 revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to
 customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the
 entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
 services. Several other amendments have been subsequently released
 each of which provide additional narrow scope clarifications or
 improvements. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-14&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers
 Deferral of the Effective Date&amp;#x201D;
 which deferred the effective date of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; for one year. Consequently
 this new revenue recognition guidance will be effective for the
 Company beginning in fiscal year 2019
 which is our anticipated
 adoption date. We have completed our initial analysis of this
 accounting standard update which included a review of all material
 customer contracts and currently do not anticipate any material
 changes to our revenue recognition compared to current GAAP. We are
 currently evaluating the method of adoption.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation and Consolidation and Description of
 Business&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of John
 B. Sanfilippo&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Son
 Inc.
 and our wholly-owned
 subsidiary
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC. Our fiscal year ends on the last
 Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists of &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;fifty-two&lt;/font&gt; weeks (four thirteen week
 quarters). However
 the fiscal year ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 consisted of fifty-three weeks with our fourth quarter containing
 fourteen weeks. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
 and related footnotes are presented in accordance with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts
 almonds and other nuts in the United
 States. These nuts are sold under a variety of private brands and
 under the &lt;i&gt;Fisher
 Orchard Valley Harvest&lt;/i&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Sunshine
 Country&lt;/i&gt; brand names. We also market and distribute
 and in most
 cases
 manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and
 snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 cashew
 butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 snack bites
 sunflower kernels
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and
 other sesame snack products under private brands and brand names.
 Our products are sold through the major distribution channels to
 significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial
 ingredient users
 and contract packaging customers.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 12 &amp;#x2014; RETIREMENT PLAN&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (&amp;#x201C;SERP&amp;#x201D;) is
 an unfunded
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-qualified&lt;/font&gt;
 benefit plan that will provide eligible participants with monthly
 benefits upon retirement
 disability or death
 subject to certain
 conditions. Benefits paid to retirees are based on age at
 retirement
 years of credited service
 and average compensation. We
 use our fiscal &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;year-end&lt;/font&gt; as
 the measurement date for the obligation calculation. Accounting
 guidance in ASC Topic 715
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2014; Retirement
 Benefits&lt;/i&gt; requires the recognition of the funded status of the
 SERP on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Actuarial gains or losses
 prior service costs or credits and transition obligations that have
 not yet been recognized are recorded as a component of
 &amp;#x201C;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&amp;#x201D;
 (&amp;#x201C;AOCL&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the changes in the projected benefit
 obligation for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Change in projected benefit obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
791&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
538&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;491&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;811&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial (gain) loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
938&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
641&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
791&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The accumulated benefit obligation
 which represents benefits
 earned up to the measurement date
 was $17
774 and $18
247 at
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 and June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Components of the actuarial (gain) loss portion of the change in
 projected benefit obligation are presented below for the fiscal
 years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Actuarial Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in assumed pay increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
402&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(801&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in mortality assumptions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(193&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(132&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
150&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in bonus assumption&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
191&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(467&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial (gain) loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
938&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The components of the net periodic pension cost are as follows for
 the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;491&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;386&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;811&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Recognized loss amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service cost amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic pension cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
764&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
341&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
985&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Significant assumptions related to our SERP include the discount
 rate used to calculate the actuarial present value of benefit
 obligations to be paid in the future
 the average rate of
 compensation expense increase by SERP participants
 and anticipated
 mortality rates. The &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;RP-2014&lt;/font&gt; white collar fully
 generational mortality table with mortality improvement scale
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;MP-2016&lt;/font&gt; was utilized in
 the preparation of our pension obligation as of June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We used the following assumptions to calculate the benefit
 obligation of our SERP as of the following dates:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;3.99%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;3.61%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Bonus payment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We used the following assumptions to calculate the net periodic
 costs of our SERP as follows for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;3.61%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.63%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.37%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mortality&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;RP-2014&lt;/font&gt; white&lt;br /&gt;
 collar&amp;#xA0;with&amp;#xA0;MP-&lt;br /&gt;
 2015 scale&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;RP-2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 white&amp;#xA0;collar&amp;#xA0;with&lt;br /&gt;
 MP-&lt;br /&gt;
 2014 scale&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;IRS 2014&lt;br /&gt;
 (Unisex)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Bonus payment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The assumed discount rate is based
 in part
 upon a discount rate
 modeling process that considers both high quality long-term indices
 and the duration of the SERP plan relative to the durations
 implicit in the broader indices. The discount rate is utilized
 principally in calculating the actuarial present value of our
 obligation and periodic expense pursuant to the SERP. To the extent
 the discount rate increases or decreases
 our SERP obligation is
 decreased or increased
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the benefits expected to be paid in
 the next ten fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;647&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2019&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;612&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2021&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;727&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2022&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;2023 &amp;#x2014; 2027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
635&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 At June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 and June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 the current portion of
 the SERP liability was $647 and $653
 respectively
 and recorded in
 Accrued payroll and related benefits on the Consolidated Balance
 Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the components of AOCL that have not
 yet been recognized in net pension expense:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
624&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
926&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
349&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
306&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
807&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net amount unrecognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
425&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We expect to recognize $957 of the prior service cost and $162 of
 net loss into net periodic pension expense during the fiscal year
 ending June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Cost is depreciated using the straight-line method over the
 following estimated useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=20%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 46.1pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 5 to 10 years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Furniture and leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 5 to 10 years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 3 to 5 years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computers and software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 3 to 5 years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Major
 improvements that extend the useful life
 add capacity or add
 functionality are capitalized and charged to expense through
 depreciation. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense
 as incurred. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold
 or retired are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain
 or loss is recognized currently in operating income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Depreciation expense for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
190&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Cost is depreciated using the straight-line method over the
 following estimated useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=20%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 46.1pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 5 to 10 years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Furniture and leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 5 to 10 years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 3 to 5 years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computers and software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 3 to 5 years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 No interest costs were capitalized for the last three fiscal years
 due to the lack of any significant project requiring such
 capitalization.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Accounts receivable are stated at the amounts charged to customers
 less allowances for doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated
 cash discounts and customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful
 accounts is calculated by specifically identifying customers that
 are credit risks and estimating the extent that other &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-specifically&lt;/font&gt; identified customers
 will become credit risks. Account balances are charged off against
 the allowance when we conclude that it is probable the receivable
 will not be recovered. The reserve for estimated cash discounts is
 based on historical experience. The reserve for customer deductions
 represents known customer short payments and an estimate of future
 credit memos that will be issued to customers related to rebates
 and allowances for marketing and promotions based on agreed upon
 programs and historical experience.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss
 for the last two fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassifications from AOCL
 to earnings &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Affected line item in the&lt;br /&gt;
 Consolidated Statements of&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined benefit pension items:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Administrative&amp;#xA0;expenses&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total before tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;502&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;383&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Income&amp;#xA0;tax&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined pension items
 net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(820&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(624&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate
 debits to expense. See Note 12 &amp;#x2014; &amp;#x201C;Retirement
 Plan&amp;#x201D; above for additional details.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 17 &amp;#x2014; SUPPLEMENTARY QUARTERLY DATA (Unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following unaudited quarterly consolidated financial data are
 presented for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. Quarterly financial
 results necessarily rely on estimates and caution is required in
 drawing specific conclusions from quarterly consolidated
 results.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;222
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;249
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;173
376&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;201
591&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
389&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
633&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Income from operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
556&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
742&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
430&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
180&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
885&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
336&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
724&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.90&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.89&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.13&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.55&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Cash dividends declared per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter*&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;225
777&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;279
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;215
742&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;231
538&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45
011&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
588&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Income from operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
745&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
692&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
469&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
406&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
990&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
050&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
078&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
277&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.07&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.07&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.64&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Cash dividends declared per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=2% valign=top align=left&gt;*&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;The fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
 contained one additional week compared to fiscal 2017.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 14 &amp;#x2014; TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In addition to the related party transactions described in Note 5
 we also purchased materials from a company that was formerly owned
 by three members of our Board of Directors
 two of whom are also
 executive officers
 and individuals directly related to them during
 the fiscal years listed below. Purchases from this related party
 aggregated to the following for the years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchases from related party&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
043&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
969&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Accounts payable to this related entity aggregated to the following
 for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;178&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Research and Development Expenses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Research and development expense represents the cost of our
 research and development personnel and their related expenses and
 is charged to selling expenses as incurred. Research and
 development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;658&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;653&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Facility Consolidation Project/Real Estate Transactions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In April 2005
 we acquired property to be used for the Elgin Site.
 Two buildings are located on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an
 office building. Approximately 75% of the office building has been
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;built-out&lt;/font&gt; and 70% is
 currently vacant. The other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and
 modified for use as our principal processing facility and
 headquarters. The allocation of the purchase price to the two
 buildings was determined through a third-party appraisal. The value
 assigned to the office building is included in rental investment
 property on the balance sheet. The value assigned to the warehouse
 building is included in &amp;#x201C;Property
 plant and
 equipment&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The net rental expense from the office building is included in the
 caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross
 rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal
 years are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross rental income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
003&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
898&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
792&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rental (expense)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
311&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
371&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within
 the office building is as follows for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
961&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
765&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
534&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
314&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
096&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
529&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The table below sets forth the changes to accumulated other
 comprehensive loss (&amp;#x201C;AOCL&amp;#x201D;) for the last two fiscal
 years. These changes are all related to our defined benefit pension
 plan.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=86%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Changes to AOCL &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
425&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
938&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
239&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
021&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
591&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
425&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate
 debits/expense.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive awards
 excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
068&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average exercise price per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65.35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The provision for income taxes is based entirely on income before
 income taxes earned in the United States
 and is as follows for the
 last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
015&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
916&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
744&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
222&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
757&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
237&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
698&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(210&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
589&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred state&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred benefit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
744&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(170&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total income tax expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
067&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
559&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Long-term debt consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Mortgage Facility (&amp;#x201C;Tranche A&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly principal installments of $200 plus
 interest at 7.63%&amp;#xA0;per annum through February 2023 with a final
 principal payment of $600 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
200&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Mortgage Facility (&amp;#x201C;Tranche B&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly principal installments of $50 plus
 interest at the greater of one month LIBOR plus 3.50%&amp;#xA0;per
 annum or 4.25% through February 2023 with a final principal payment
 of $150 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
150&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Selma
 Texas facility financing obligation to related parties
 due
 in monthly installments of $103 through September&amp;#xA0;1
 2031&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
540&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Unamortized debt issuance costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(179&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(244&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
629&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
046&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Less: Current maturities
 net of unamortized debt issuance
 costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total long-term debt
 net of unamortized debt issuance costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
211&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 exists
 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price
 is fixed
 delivery occurred and collection is reasonably assured.
 We sell our products under some arrangements which include customer
 contracts which fix the sales price for periods
 which typically
 can be up to one year
 for some commercial ingredient customers and
 through specific programs consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer customers and commercial ingredient users. Reserves for
 these programs are established based upon the terms of specific
 arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of rebates and promotion
 and marketing allowances. Revenues are also recorded net of
 expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past
 experiences. While customers do have the right to return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product returns have
 generally been insignificant. Provisions for returns are reflected
 as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based upon customer
 specific circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling costs
 are included in revenues.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the components of AOCL that have not
 yet been recognized in net pension expense:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
624&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
926&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
349&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
306&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
807&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net amount unrecognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
425&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We used the following assumptions to calculate the benefit
 obligation of our SERP as of the following dates:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;3.99%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;3.61%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Bonus payment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We used the following assumptions to calculate the net periodic
 costs of our SERP as follows for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;3.61%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.63%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.37%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mortality&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;RP-2014&lt;/font&gt; white&lt;br /&gt;
 collar&amp;#xA0;with&amp;#xA0;MP-&lt;br /&gt;
 2015 scale&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;RP-2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 white&amp;#xA0;collar&amp;#xA0;with&lt;br /&gt;
 MP-&lt;br /&gt;
 2014 scale&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;IRS 2014&lt;br /&gt;
 (Unisex)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Bonus payment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax assets (liabilities):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;521&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
726&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;345&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;353&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
826&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
315&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capitalized leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
440&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill and intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
939&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
046&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retirement plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
661&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Workers&amp;#x2019; compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
251&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Share based compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
908&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capital loss carryforward&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;483&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax asset &amp;#x2014; long term&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
095&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Inventories consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Raw material and supplies&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79
609&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
005&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Work-in-process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; and finished
 goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102
811&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;182
420&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;156
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Aggregate maturities of long-term debt are as follows for the
 fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
473&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
585&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
627&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
070&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
808&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted
 average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted
 earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
317
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
233
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
150
658&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options and restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
456&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;97
601&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
403
605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
332
924&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
248
259&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value
 estimate of our current and long-term debt
 excluding unamortized
 debt issuance costs:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Carrying value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
808&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
316&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
479&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the changes in the projected benefit
 obligation for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Change in projected benefit obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
791&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
538&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;491&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;811&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial (gain) loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
938&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
641&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
791&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Intangible assets subject to amortization consist of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less accumulated amortization:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
231&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
369&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following unaudited quarterly consolidated financial data are
 presented for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. Quarterly financial
 results necessarily rely on estimates and caution is required in
 drawing specific conclusions from quarterly consolidated
 results.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;222
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;249
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;173
376&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;201
591&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
389&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
633&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Income from operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
556&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
742&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
430&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
180&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
885&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
336&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
724&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.90&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.89&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.13&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.55&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Cash dividends declared per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter*&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;225
777&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;279
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;215
742&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;231
538&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45
011&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
588&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Income from operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
745&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
692&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
469&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
406&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
990&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
050&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
078&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
277&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.07&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.07&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.64&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Cash dividends declared per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=2% valign=top align=left&gt;*&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;The fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
 contained one additional week compared to fiscal 2017.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Rent expense aggregated under these operating leases was as follows
 for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rent expense related to operating leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
775&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the
 annual effective tax rate on income from continuing operations
 are
 as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits that would affect annual effective tax
 rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes compensation cost charged to
 earnings for all equity compensation plans and the total income tax
 benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation cost charged to earnings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
489&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
952&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax benefit recognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The reconciliations of income taxes at the statutory federal income
 tax rate to income tax expense reported in the Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income for the last three fiscal years
 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development tax credit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Domestic manufacturing deduction&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Windfall tax benefits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Uncertain tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effective tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the benefits expected to be paid in
 the next ten fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;647&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2019&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;612&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2021&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;727&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2022&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;2023 &amp;#x2014; 2027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
635&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The components of the net periodic pension cost are as follows for
 the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;491&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;386&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;811&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Recognized loss amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service cost amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic pension cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
764&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
341&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
985&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following is a summary of stock option activity for the year
 ended June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term&amp;#xA0;in&amp;#xA0;Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.78&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 16 &amp;#x2014; VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND
 RESERVES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following table details the activity in various allowance and
 reserve accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 39.5pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(192&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
274&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
399&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
918&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
055&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
448&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28
646&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;199&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
928&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
753&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
918&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
478&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(27
158&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
341&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
191&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
541&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
961&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
918&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We operate in a single reportable and operating segment that
 consists of selling various nut and nut related products through
 multiple distribution channels.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Aggregate &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-cancelable&lt;/font&gt;
 lease commitments under these operating leases with initial or
 remaining terms greater than one year are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;969&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;558&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;142&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;$2
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 we also purchased materials from a company that was formerly owned
 by three members of our Board of Directors
 two of whom are also
 executive officers
 and individuals directly related to them during
 the fiscal years listed below. Purchases from this related party
 aggregated to the following for the years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchases from related party&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
043&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
969&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following is a summary of RSU activity for the year ended
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 76.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Restricted Stock Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant-&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;228
270&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32.33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45
213&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61.33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27.91&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
199&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30.23&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;201
858&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40.36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We account for stock-based employee compensation arrangements in
 accordance with the provisions of ASC&amp;#xA0;718
 as amended by
 Accounting Standard Update (&amp;#x201C;ASU&amp;#x201D;) &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-09
&lt;/font&gt; by calculating compensation
 cost based on the grant date fair value. We then amortize
 compensation expense over the vesting period. We estimate the fair
 value of each stock option on the date of the grant using the
 Black-Scholes option pricing model (using the risk-free interest
 rate
 expected term
 expected volatility
 and dividend yield
 variables). The grant date fair value of restricted stock units
 (&amp;#x201C;RSUs&amp;#x201D;) is generally determined based on the market
 price of our Common Stock on the date of grant. Beginning in fiscal
 2017
 forfeitures are recognized as they occur and excess tax
 benefits or tax deficiencies are recognized as a component of
 income tax expense.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the total intrinsic value of all
 options exercised and the total cash received from the exercise of
 options for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total intrinsic value of options exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;792&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;781&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total cash received from exercise of options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs
 which include freight and other
 expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in
 selling expenses. Shipping and handling costs for the last three
 fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
686&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 8 &amp;#x2014; STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#x2019; EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Our Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the
 &amp;#x201C;Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock&amp;#x201D;)
 has cumulative voting rights
 with respect to the election of those directors which the holders
 of Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock are entitled to elect
 and 10 votes per share
 on all other matters on which holders of our Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock and
 Common Stock are entitled to vote
 with the exception of election
 of the directors for which the holders of Common Stock are eligible
 to elect. In addition
 each share of Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock is
 convertible at the option of the holder at any time into one share
 of Common Stock and automatically converts into one share of Common
 Stock upon any sale or transfer other than to related individuals
 or certain other events as set forth in our Restated Certificate of
 Incorporation. Each share of our Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the
 &amp;#x201C;Common Stock&amp;#x201D;) has noncumulative voting rights of one
 vote per share. The Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock and the Common Stock are
 entitled to share equally
 on a &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;share-for-share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; basis
 in any
 cash dividends declared by the Board of Directors
 and the holders
 of the Common Stock are entitled to elect 25%
 rounded up to the
 nearest whole number
 of the members comprising the Board of
 Directors. During fiscal 2017
 our Board of Directors adopted a
 dividend policy under which it intends to pay an annual cash
 dividend on our Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock of at least
 $0.50 per share during the first quarter of each fiscal year.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 1 &amp;#x2014; SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation and Consolidation and Description of
 Business&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of John
 B. Sanfilippo&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Son
 Inc.
 and our wholly-owned
 subsidiary
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC. Our fiscal year ends on the last
 Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists
 of&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;fifty-two&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;weeks
 (four thirteen week quarters). However
 the fiscal year ended
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 consisted of fifty-three weeks with our fourth
 quarter containing fourteen weeks. The accompanying consolidated
 financial statements and related footnotes are presented in
 accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
 United States of America (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts
 almonds and other nuts in the United
 States. These nuts are sold under a variety of private brands and
 under the&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Fisher
 Orchard Valley
 Harvest&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;and&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Sunshine
 Country&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;brand names. We also market and
 distribute
 and in most cases
 manufacture or process
 a diverse
 product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 cashew butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and
 trail mixes
 snack bites
 sunflower kernels
 dried fruit
 corn
 snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under private
 brands and brand names. Our products are sold through the major
 distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food
 retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 and contract packaging
 customers.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Management Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
 the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for
 customer deductions
 the quantity of bulk inventories
 the
 evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets
 the assumptions
 used in estimating the retirement plan liability and pension
 expense
 and the realizability of deferred tax assets. Actual
 results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Accounts receivable are stated at the amounts charged to customers
 less allowances for doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated
 cash discounts and customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful
 accounts is calculated by specifically identifying customers that
 are credit risks and estimating the extent that
 other&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-specifically&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;identified
 customers will become credit risks. Account balances are charged
 off against the allowance when we conclude that it is probable the
 receivable will not be recovered. The reserve for estimated cash
 discounts is based on historical experience. The reserve for
 customer deductions represents known customer short payments and an
 estimate of future credit memos that will be issued to customers
 related to rebates and allowances for marketing and promotions
 based on agreed upon programs and historical experience.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Inventories
 which consist principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of cost&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(first-in
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out)&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;or
 market which approximates actual cost. Inventory costs are reviewed
 at least quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews and other nuts may affect the
 value of inventory
 gross profit and gross profit margin. When
 expected market sales prices move below costs
 we record
 adjustments to write down the carrying values of inventories to the
 lower of cost&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(first-in
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out)&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;or
 market. The results of our shelling process can also result in
 changes to inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to
 actual versus expected crop yields. We maintain significant
 inventories of bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts.
 Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based on our
 inventory systems and are subject to quarterly physical
 verification techniques including observation
 weighing and other
 methods. The quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut
 inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen-month
 period
 at which time revisions to any estimates are also
 recorded.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Major
 improvements that extend the useful life
 add capacity or add
 functionality are capitalized and charged to expense through
 depreciation. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense
 as incurred. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold
 or retired are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain
 or loss is recognized currently in operating income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Depreciation expense for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
190&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Cost is depreciated using the straight-line method over the
 following estimated useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=20%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 46.1pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 5 to 10 years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Furniture and leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 5 to 10 years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 3 to 5 years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computers and software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 3 to 5 years&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 No interest costs were capitalized for the last three fiscal years
 due to the lack of any significant project requiring such
 capitalization.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We review held and used long-lived assets
 including our rental
 investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows
 whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that
 the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such
 events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
 expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the
 asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long-lived asset
 or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of
 future cash flows derived from the most recent business
 projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair
 value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We did not record any impairment of long-lived assets for the last
 three fiscal years.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Facility Consolidation Project/Real Estate Transactions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In April 2005
 we acquired property to be used for the Elgin Site.
 Two buildings are located on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an
 office building. Approximately 75% of the office building has
 been&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;built-out&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;and 70% is
 currently vacant. The other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and
 modified for use as our principal processing facility and
 headquarters. The allocation of the purchase price to the two
 buildings was determined through a third-party appraisal. The value
 assigned to the office building is included in rental investment
 property on the balance sheet. The value assigned to the warehouse
 building is included in &amp;#x201C;Property
 plant and
 equipment&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The net rental expense from the office building is included in the
 caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross
 rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal
 years are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross rental income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
003&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
898&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
792&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rental (expense)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
311&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
371&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within
 the office building is as follows for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
961&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
765&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
534&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
314&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
096&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
529&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) defines fair value as the price that
 would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
 an orderly transaction between market participants on the
 measurement date. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy
 that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure
 fair value into three broad levels:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Level&amp;#xA0;1- Quoted prices in active markets that are accessible
 at the measurement date for identical assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Level&amp;#xA0;2- Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active
 markets. For example
 quoted prices for similar assets or
 liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets
 or liabilities in inactive markets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Level&amp;#xA0;3- Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no
 market data available.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The carrying values of cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts
 payable approximate their fair values at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 and
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 because of the short-term maturities and nature
 of these balances.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The carrying value of our Credit Facility (as defined in Note 4
 &amp;#x2013; &amp;#x201C;Revolving Credit Facility&amp;#x201D; in the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements &amp;#x201C;Revolving Credit
 Facility&amp;#x201D; below) borrowings approximates fair value at
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 and June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 because interest rates on
 this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2
 criteria)
 the short-term maturity and nature of this balance. In
 addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent
 credit risk.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value
 estimate of our current and long-term debt
 excluding unamortized
 debt issuance costs:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Carrying value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
808&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
316&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
479&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The estimated fair value of long-term debt was determined using a
 market approach based upon Level&amp;#xA0;2 observable inputs
 which
 estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on
 loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or
 broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes
 in the underlying assets securing our long-term debt.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 exists
 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price
 is fixed
 delivery occurred and collection is reasonably assured.
 We sell our products under some arrangements which include customer
 contracts which fix the sales price for periods
 which typically
 can be up to one year
 for some commercial ingredient customers and
 through specific programs consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer customers and commercial ingredient users. Reserves for
 these programs are established based upon the terms of specific
 arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of rebates and promotion
 and marketing allowances. Revenues are also recorded net of
 expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past
 experiences. While customers do have the right to return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product returns have
 generally been insignificant. Provisions for returns are reflected
 as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based upon customer
 specific circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling costs
 are included in revenues.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We operate in a single reportable and operating segment that
 consists of selling various nut and nut related products through
 multiple distribution channels.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Significant Customers and Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The highly competitive nature of our business provides an
 environment for the loss of customers and the opportunity to gain
 new customers. We are subject to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts receivable
 and we attempt to mitigate
 this risk through our credit evaluation process
 collection terms
 and through geographical dispersion of sales. Sales to three
 customers each exceeded 10% of net sales during fiscal 2017 and
 fiscal 2016. In fiscal 2015 two customers each exceeded 10% of net
 sales. Sales to these customers represented approximately 53%
 50%
 and 39% of our net sales in fiscal 2017
 fiscal 2016 and fiscal
 2015
 respectively. Net accounts receivable from these customers
 were 56% and 51% of net accounts receivable at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 and June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Promotion
 Marketing and Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Promotions
 allowances and customer rebates are recorded at the
 time revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions in
 sales. Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon projected
 volumes for the year
 while promotions and allowances are recorded
 based upon terms of the actual arrangements. Coupon incentive costs
 are accrued based on an estimate of redemptions to occur.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Marketing and advertising costs are incurred to promote and support
 branded products in the consumer distribution channel. These costs
 are generally expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Marketing and advertising expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
064&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
069&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs
 which include freight and other
 expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in
 selling expenses. Shipping and handling costs for the last three
 fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
686&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Research and Development Expenses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Research and development expense represents the cost of our
 research and development personnel and their related expenses and
 is charged to selling expenses as incurred. Research and
 development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;658&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;653&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We account for stock-based employee compensation arrangements in
 accordance with the provisions of ASC&amp;#xA0;718
 as amended by
 Accounting Standard Update
 (&amp;#x201C;ASU&amp;#x201D;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-09
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;by
 calculating compensation cost based on the grant date fair value.
 We then amortize compensation expense over the vesting period. We
 estimate the fair value of each stock option on the date of the
 grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model (using the
 risk-free interest rate
 expected term
 expected volatility
 and
 dividend yield variables). The grant date fair value of restricted
 stock units (&amp;#x201C;RSUs&amp;#x201D;) is generally determined based on
 the market price of our Common Stock on the date of grant.
 Beginning in fiscal 2017
 forfeitures are recognized as they occur
 and excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies are recognized as a
 component of income tax expense.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach
 that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
 liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that
 have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such
 items give rise to differences in the financial reporting and tax
 basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded
 to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more
 likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be
 realized. In estimating future tax consequences
 we consider all
 expected future events other than changes in tax law or rates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We record liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on
 a&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;two-step&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;process.
 The first step is recognition
 where we evaluate whether an
 individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of
 being sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of
 the position
 including resolution of any related appeals or
 litigation processes. For tax positions that are currently
 estimated to have a less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no
 tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the
 recognition threshold in the first step
 we perform the second step
 of measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits
 ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future
 periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may
 require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates with
 regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and
 measurement estimates are recorded in results of operations and
 financial position in the period in which such changes occur.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized
 tax benefits in the Income tax expense caption in the Consolidated
 Statement of Comprehensive Income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering
 our historical taxable income and future taxable income based upon
 the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $171 of net basis differences for which we have provided
 a valuation allowance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share are calculated using the weighted
 average number of shares of Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock
 outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects
 the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other
 contracts to issue Common Stock were exercised or converted into
 Common Stock or resulted in the issuance of Common Stock.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted
 average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted
 earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
317
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
233
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
150
658&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options and restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
456&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;97
601&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
403
605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
332
924&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
248
259&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive awards
 excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
068&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average exercise price per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65.35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We account for comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic
 220
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/i&gt;. This topic
 establishes standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive
 income and its components in a full set of general-purpose
 financial statements. The topic requires that all components of
 comprehensive income be reported in a financial statement that is
 displayed with the same prominence as other financial statements.
 This topic also requires all&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-owner&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;changes in
 stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity be presented in either a single
 continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but
 consecutive statements. This guidance also requires presentation by
 the respective line items of net income
 either on the face of the
 statement where net income is presented or in the notes and
 information about significant amounts required under U.S. GAAP to
 be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income in
 their entirety. For amounts not required to be reclassified in
 their entirety to net income
 we provide a cross-reference to other
 disclosures that offer additional details about those amounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The following recent accounting pronouncements were adopted in the
 current fiscal year:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-09&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Compensation-Stock
 Compensation (Topic 718)&amp;#x201D;. This ASU is part of the
 FASB&amp;#x2019;s simplification initiative. The areas for
 simplification in this update involve several aspects of the
 accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including the
 income tax consequences
 forfeitures
 classification of awards as
 either equity or liabilities
 statutory withholding requirements
 and classification on the statement of cash flows. The Company
 early adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal
 2017. The cumulative adjustment for the impact of this change in
 accounting principle was immaterial. Cash flows related to excess
 tax benefits will be classified prospectively as operating
 activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Prior
 periods have not been adjusted. The Company anticipates increased
 volatility in income tax expense
 mainly in the second quarter of
 each fiscal year
 since historically most equity compensation
 granted in prior periods vests during that quarter.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-05&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Intangibles
 &amp;#x2014; Goodwill and Other &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Internal-Use&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;Software
 (Subtopic&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;350-40):&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;Customer&amp;#x2019;s
 Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement&amp;#x201D;.
 This update provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud
 computing arrangement includes a software license or service
 contract. This update became effective for the Company beginning
 the first quarter of fiscal 2017. The adoption of
 ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-05&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;did not have
 a material impact to the Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-03&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Interest-Imputation
 of Interest (Subtopic&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;835-30)&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;Simplifying
 the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&amp;#x201D;. This update
 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt
 liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct reduction
 from the carrying amount of that debt liability
 consistent with
 debt discounts. ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-03&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;was
 effective for the Company beginning with the first quarter of
 fiscal 2017. The adoption of this standard required retrospective
 adjustment to our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As a result
 Other
 assets decreased approximately $244 as of June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 and
 this amount was allocated within Current maturities of long term
 debt and Long term debt. Adoption of
 ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-03&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;did not have
 an effect on the Company&amp;#x2019;s stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity
 results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In February 2015
 the FASB issued
 ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-02&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Consolidation
 (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis&amp;#x201D;. This
 update focuses on a reporting company&amp;#x2019;s consolidation
 evaluation to determine whether it should consolidate certain legal
 entities. The guidance ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-02&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;became
 effective for the Company beginning with the first quarter of
 fiscal 2017. The adoption of ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-02&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;did not have
 any impact to the Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2014-15&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Presentation
 of Financial Statements&amp;#x2014;Going Concern
 (Topic&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;205-40)&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;The
 guidance requires management to perform interim and annual
 assessments of an entity&amp;#x2019;s ability to continue as a going
 concern within one year of the date the financial statements are
 issued. An entity must provide certain disclosures if conditions or
 events raise substantial doubt about the entity&amp;#x2019;s ability to
 continue as a going concern. ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-15&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;was
 effective for the Company beginning with the first quarter of
 fiscal 2017. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our
 Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The following recent accounting pronouncements have not yet been
 adopted:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In May 2017
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2017-09&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Compensation&amp;#x2014;Stock
 Compensation (Topic 718): Scope of Modification Accounting&amp;#x201D;.
 The amendments in this update provide guidance about which changes
 to terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an
 entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718.
 ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-09&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;will be
 effective for the Company in fiscal 2019 and should be applied
 prospectively to an award modified on or after the adoption date.
 The Company does not expect ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-09&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;to have a
 material impact to the Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In March 2017
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2017-07&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Compensation&amp;#x2014;Retirement
 Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic
 Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost&amp;#x201D;.
 The amendments in this update require the service cost component of
 pension expense to be disaggregated from the other components of
 net periodic benefit cost and be presented in the same line items
 as other employee compensation costs. All other components of net
 periodic benefit cost must be presented in the income statement
 separately from the service cost component and outside a subtotal
 of income from operations. This update is effective for public
 business entities for annual periods beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those
 annual periods. Early adoption is permitted as long as it is early
 adopted in the first interim period of an annual year and financial
 statements have not been issued or made available for issuance
 prior to adoption. The amendments in this update should be applied
 using a retrospective transition method
 however
 a practical
 expedient is offered with regard to the prior comparative periods.
 The Company plans to early adopt this update beginning in fiscal
 2018 and does not expect the impact of this new guidance to have a
 significant impact on its financial position
 results of operations
 and disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-17&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Consolidation
 (Topic 810): Interests Held Through Related Parties That Are Under
 Common Control&amp;#x201D;. This update is amending
 ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-02&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;and affects
 reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they
 should consolidate a variable interest entity in certain situations
 involving entities under common control.
 ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-17&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;will be
 effective for the Company in fiscal 2018 and will require
 retrospective application. The Company does not expect
 ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-17&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;to have any
 impact to the Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-15&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Statement
 of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
 and Cash Payments&amp;#x201D;. This update addresses eight specific cash
 flow issues with the objective of reducing the perceived diversity
 in practice. The amendments in this update are effective for public
 business entities for fiscal years beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 and interim periods within those fiscal
 years. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an
 interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an
 interim period
 any adjustments should be reflected as of the
 beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An
 entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments
 in the same period. The amendments in this update should be applied
 using a retrospective transition method to each period presented.
 The Company does not expect a material impact to our statement of
 cash flows once ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-15&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;is adopted
 in fiscal 2019.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-13&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Financial
 Instruments&amp;#x2014;Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit
 Losses on Financial Instruments&amp;#x201D;. The main objective of this
 update is to provide financial statement users with more
 decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on
 financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held
 by a reporting entity at each reporting date. The amendments in
 this update replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in
 current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit
 losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable
 and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. The
 amendments in this update are effective for public business
 entities for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2019
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. A
 modified-retrospective approach is required in the first reporting
 period in which the guidance is effective through a
 cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings. We do not expect
 ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2013-13&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;will have a
 significant impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements once
 adopted in fiscal 2021.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In February 2016
 the FASB issued
 ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-02&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Leases
 (Topic 842)&amp;#x201D;. The primary goal of this update is to require
 the lessee to recognize all lease commitments
 both operating and
 finance
 by initially recording a lease asset and liability on the
 balance sheet at the lease commencement date. Additionally
 enhanced qualitative and quantitative disclosures will be required.
 ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-02&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;is effective
 for public business entities for annual periods
 including interim
 periods within those annual periods
 beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018. This new guidance will be effective for the
 Company beginning in fiscal year 2020 and we do not expect to early
 adopt. This guidance must be adopted using a modified retrospective
 approach. The Company expects this new guidance to have a
 significant impact on its total assets and total liabilities
 and
 lead to increased financial statement disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-11&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Inventory
 (Topic 330) Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;.
 This update applies to inventory measured
 using&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-in
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;or
 average cost and requires inventory be measured at the lower of
 cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as
 estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less
 reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal and
 transportation. This update will be effective for the Company
 beginning in fiscal year 2018 with prospective application
 required. The Company does not anticipate this guidance will have a
 material impact to its Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2014-09&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Revenue
 from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&amp;#x201D; and created a new
 ASC Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 and added ASC
 Subtopic&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;340-40
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;Other Assets
 and Deferred Costs &amp;#x2014; Contracts with Customers. The guidance
 in this update supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in
 ASC Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 and most industry-specific
 guidance throughout the industry topics of the codification. Under
 the new guidance
 an entity should recognize revenue to depict the
 transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount
 that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be
 entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Several other
 amendments have been subsequently released
 each of which provide
 additional narrow scope clarifications or improvements. In August
 2015
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-14&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Revenue
 from Contracts with Customers
 Deferral of the Effective
 Date&amp;#x201D; which deferred the effective date of
 ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;for one
 year. Consequently
 this new revenue recognition guidance will be
 effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2019
 which is
 our anticipated adoption date. We have completed our initial
 analysis of this accounting standard update which included a review
 of all material customer contracts and currently do not anticipate
 any material changes to our revenue recognition compared to current
 GAAP. We are currently evaluating the method of adoption.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 18 &amp;#x2014; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;7
 2017
 we entered into the Eighth Amendment to
 Credit Agreement (the &amp;#x201C;Eighth Amendment&amp;#x201D;) which
 eliminated the quarterly restriction on cash dividends and
 distributions and allows the Company to
 without obtaining lender
 consent
 make up to four cash dividends or distributions on its
 stock per fiscal year
 or purchase
 acquire
 redeem or retire its
 stock in any fiscal year
 in an amount not to exceed $60
000 in the
 aggregate per fiscal year
 as long as no default or event of
 default exists and the excess availability under the Credit
 Agreement remains over $30
000 immediately before and after giving
 effect to any such dividend
 distribution
 purchase or
 redemption.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;11
 2017
 our Board of Directors declared a special
 cash dividend of $2.00 per share and a regular annual cash dividend
 of $0.50 per share on all issued and outstanding shares of Common
 Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock of the Company (the &amp;#x201C;July 2017
 Dividends&amp;#x201D;). The July 2017 Dividends of approximately $28
370
 were paid on August&amp;#xA0;15
 2017 to stockholders of record as of
 the close of business on August&amp;#xA0;2
 2017.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Management Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
 the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for
 customer deductions
 the quantity of bulk inventories
 the
 evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets
 the assumptions
 used in estimating the retirement plan liability and pension
 expense
 and the realizability of deferred tax assets. Actual
 results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Research and development expense represents the cost of our
 research and development personnel and their related expenses and
 is charged to selling expenses as incurred. Research and
 development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;658&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;653&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 10 &amp;#x2014; SPECIAL CASH DIVIDENDS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Our Board of Directors declared the following special cash
 dividends payable in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=17%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=21%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=18%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Declaration Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Record Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dividend&amp;#xA0;Per&lt;br /&gt;
 Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&amp;#xA0;Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Payment Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 November&amp;#xA0;1
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 November&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
314&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;13
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 July&amp;#xA0;7
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 July&amp;#xA0;21
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
150&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 August&amp;#xA0;4
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 October&amp;#xA0;27
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;2
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
486&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;11
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;11
 2017
 our Board of Directors declared a special
 cash dividend of $2.00 per share and a regular annual cash dividend
 of $0.50 per share on all issued and outstanding shares of Common
 Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock of the Company. Refer to Note 18
 &amp;#x2013; &amp;#x201C;Subsequent Events&amp;#x201D; below.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Our expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the last three
 fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 401(k) plan expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
604&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Accounts payable to this related entity aggregated to the following
 for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;178&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within
 the office building is as follows for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
961&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
859&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
765&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
534&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
314&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
096&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
529&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Beginning balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;247&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross increases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in prior year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross decreases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in prior year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(91&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(137&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross increases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in current year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(166&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Ending balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;174&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Depreciation expense for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
190&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Marketing and advertising costs are incurred to promote and support
 branded products in the consumer distribution channel. These costs
 are generally expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Marketing and advertising expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
064&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
069&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs
 which include freight and other
 expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in
 selling expenses. Shipping and handling costs for the last three
 fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
686&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following table details the activity in various allowance and
 reserve accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 39.5pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(192&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
274&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
399&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
918&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
055&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
448&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28
646&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;199&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
928&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
753&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
918&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
478&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(27
158&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
341&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
191&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
541&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
961&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
918&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The net rental expense from the office building is included in the
 caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross
 rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal
 years are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross rental income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
003&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
898&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
792&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rental (expense)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
311&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
371&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of
 total gross sales. The information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments
 such as
 promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product types
 for the
 fiscal year ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:46.90pt; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Product Type&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Peanuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Pecans&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Cashews&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Mixed Nuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Walnuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Almonds&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Trail&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Snack Mixes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Components of the actuarial (gain) loss portion of the change in
 projected benefit obligation are presented below for the fiscal
 years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Actuarial Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in assumed pay increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
402&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(801&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in mortality assumptions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(193&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(132&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
150&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in bonus assumption&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
191&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(467&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial (gain) loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
938&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The total Route pension liability was as follows for the last two
 fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Route pension liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;466&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 15 &amp;#x2014; PRODUCT TYPE SALES MIX&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of
 total gross sales. The information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments
 such as
 promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product types
 for the
 fiscal year ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:46.90pt; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Product Type&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Peanuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Pecans&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Cashews&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Mixed Nuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Walnuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Almonds&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Trail&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Snack Mixes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      



    


    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    




















  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2017-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2017-01-31
  xmlns:jbss=http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20170629
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017-01-31
  xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2017-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
  xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2017-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
  xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2017-01-31
  xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20170629




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        





































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink





    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    





 including related party payables of $178 and $113




 Related Parties





    
    



 Net


 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $263 and $397



    
    
    


    
    















 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    



 Defined Benefit Plan

    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    



 Share-based Compensation

    








    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    








    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Dividends
 Per Share

    
    
    















 Shares






 Shares






 Value

    


    
    


    
    



 Net of Tax

    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    




    



 Interest Rate

    
    


    
    




    




    
    



 Periodic Payment

    



 Periodic Payment Terms

    


    
    



 Long-term and Short-term

    
    



 including current maturities and short-term debt

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Current






 Noncurrent





    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    



 Net

    
    



 Net of Valuation Allowance

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense

    




    
    




    



 Valuation Allowance

    


    
    
    



 Defined Benefit Pension Plan

    




    



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Gain (Loss)

    



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)

    


    
    
    



 Benefit Obligation

    
    




    




    








    
    
    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    




    
    



 Benefit Obligation

    








    
    
    


    
    
    








    
    
    



 Expected Amortization of Gain (Loss)

    



 Expected Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit)

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    




    




    



 Benefit Obligation

    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    



 Employer Matching Contribution

    



 Employer Matching Contribution

    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    










    




    
    



 Common Stock

    


    
    




    
    




    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    














    
    




    
    




    
    




    




    



 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate

    



 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity

    



 Nondeductible Expense
 Share-based Compensation Cost

    



 Other Adjustments

    



 State and Local Income Taxes






 Tax Contingency

    



 Tax Credit
 Research

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    



 Nonvested Awards

    



 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized

    




    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    








    
    












    


    
    
    


    
    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 excluding refunds of $232
 $168
 and $548





    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 $1
081 and $1
110 to related parties





    




    


    
    


    
    



 Finished Goods and Work in Process

    




    
    




    



 Raw Materials

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    

 less current maturities
 including related party debt of $10
584 and $11
133
 respectively and net of unamortized debt issuance costs of $124 and $179








 including related party debt of $474 and $407
 respectively and net of unamortized debt issuance costs of $55 and $65













    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities






 Maturities






 Maturities






 Maturities






 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest

    


    
    















 Damages Sought

    




    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Effect of Adoption

    




    




    




    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    



 Future Minimum Payments Due






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments

    




    



 Future Minimum Payments Receivable






 Future Minimum Payments Receivable






 Future Minimum Payments Receivable






 Future Minimum Payments Receivable






 Future Minimum Payments Receivable





    
    
    



 Future Minimum Payments Receivable

    



 Rent Expense

    


    
    










    




    



 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period

    





 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period

    



 Defined Benefit Plan
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI

    















 Defined Benefit Plan

    



 Defined Benefit Plan
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI

    



 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI

    



 Defined Benefit Plan
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI

    





 Defined Benefit Plan
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI

    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    
    
    



 Plant





    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Defined Benefit Plan

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 Other

    


    
    




    


    




    
    



 Plant

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 plant and equipment

    





 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    
    


    
    
    



 Plant and Equipment






 Plant and Equipment






 Plant and Equipment






 Plant and Equipment












 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment





    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    





 less accumulated depreciation of $9
639 and $8
847





    


    
    



 Current Period

    



 Current Period












 Current Period

    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    










    


    
    


    
    




    






    


    
    



 Long-term Capital Lease Obligations

    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Real Estate Transactions

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Goods

    



 Goods







    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    



 Stock Options

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    




    
    




    
    




    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures






 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested








 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested








 other than options

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period







    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    



 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Options





    
    
    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Outstanding





    
    



 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options
 Forfeitures in Period






 Options
 Grants in Period







    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range















    


    
    
    




    



 Weighted Average Interest Rate

    


    
    



 but not paid

    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Shares
 Share-based Compensation






 Options






 Value
 Share-based Compensation

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    











 at cost; 117



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    




    




    


    


    




    




    



 that if recognized

    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)

    


    
    




    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g409800g18o62.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0!:17AI9@  34T *@    @ !0
!  4
M   !    2@
#  $    !     %$0  $    ! 0   %$1  0    !     %$2

# P'0X/#0P.PP
M#/_; $
! @( P,#!@,#!@P(!P@,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,
M# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,#/_  !$( 6H& 
!(@ $0$#$0'_
MQ  ?   !!0$! 0$! 0           0(#! 4&!P@)@O_Q U$   0
# @0#
M!04$!    7T! @
 !!$%$B$Q008346$'(G$4
H&1H0@C0K'!%5+1\0S8G*
+CY.7FY^CIZO'R\_3U]O?X^?K_Q  ? 0 # 0$!
M 0$! 0$!         0(#! 4&!P@)@O_Q U$0  0($! 






MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHIKR
MJAQWQG% #J*C-T@4G=TJ0'(H **** BBB@#@_VAO@1%^T/\(-8\(S^(_%7A
M7^UHE1=8\.:D^GZG9
KJZ-'(
AAN4!XY%:*52R.C*Q4_/_PU_P
_PY^&7P

S

M?IZ8_2OC']D?_@C1X7^ ?PW\)V7B#QIX]\2:KI$VAZCJ%LNNRKHMS=:.\$FF
/^1#U'_L

M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

M6G


M0/#N_P R)I8V 


M_P#T\7E=U7_L\_\B'J/_8S:_P#^GB\KNJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H;E:*\G_:Q_

MV53Q=#'TC!;&&5V+;B_7C\J\_P#V9O@-9_LX_K3_#L-U-JNI222ZEK6K7 _
MTC6]3G??=7DN/XI9S8Z*NU1PHKT:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH HZSKEMX?
MTJZO[^ZM[&QLH6N+BXN95AAMXU&69W;A54 DD\ LO2OB+I.N6.EW5EJ^EWU
MMKT(NM


ZJ?AWX!_L^




M?_@F[\+_ !I\(/\ @GI\+?_BC.G^,-'\.16TL-^K7!TXY)AAD4,3#$8XV0
M. #'M#C&Z@#TK]GG_D0]1_[&;7__ $\7E=U7GO[
45Y!\+KA-1FM;F_7Q#KH



=I=NBK'8.
 @LZY*J1X7\#O\ @JS??$#XM^*O!^K?#RWU[4-#TVPU
M2UNOA7K=]XVL+U;J:]A*R7
VG6$4&PV1PP





MB41Q6T2*6=W9N%4*



^X!UBBM$(!1A47[0+-^U[\9I_@]9-YG@7PP;;4
M?B/

M_P#8S:__ .GB\KNJX7]GG_D0]1_[&;7_ /T\7E=U0 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !110

[%41F6U\=OCAX?^ OPPU#Q5XBGNH[#33&JP6L)GN]0N))!%!:6\




98?0'@[Q1IOBWPQ8


M9O);BU



M ;2_V=OA%I_AO2;FZU*:.22\U75KI_

79NR;@BA555
M'H*+L11QP


D$421Q!GDEDEDCC2-%+.[!1R


_9Y_Y$/4?^
M$223X9:;
NU9HY4
;^(9D(!
US$S+; C$5N[
 &N&Q](VU

^($4

USXS\:Z?\ $+P+J5IX6^*GA^T^
MPVFJ26[26NM6(9G_ +
U)$PT]IYC
Z=7MY)'DB(+N' /:!17E/[/7[4%O\:+

M6H **** BB@T (QPM4M;UJUT31[F^OKBWL;*QC:XGN+B01Q6\2 LSNQ(J%




M=-\*=:^+]EX[TWQAIEPOC/4I-(N=




VO_ /IXO*[J@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***ADE6-V^8+M

M\Q'W(8)&[&K7[







FC7&L:[XFL+S2]=\7?#+7/


M2??K2T44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%-D?RT9O[HS3(;M9SP

@_EC]: ):CFZ_\!/]*DJ.;K_P$_TH XG]GG_D0]1_[&;7_P#T\7E=
MU7_L\_\B'J/_8S:_P#^GB\KNJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!LDRQ#+':
9S7SW^V%JMY\:?


M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


:'3(!;C:MK )+B<3G
1
#]<N=<L=.UR%4DN='U.;3KZV9'62.2&:(AD

MQ

M:?\ !(7X




I
MZ@C(]SUKT*N&_9Z;=X$U#_L9M?'_ )6+RNYH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B




M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
H_]C-K_



M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

YTZQU-X-6UK6[DQRLMLL<36MM);R
M0/<S_.#*WF+$ ?K]Y'&I8[L 9X&:1Y!(3CLI_I7Y!_!O_@HW\9_B8OPNTNZ

\/)<W3E/LB:C*R+<8[4$P19?D
M78/
RHV[10!Z%^SS_P B'J/_ &


UZ!0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !FN+^/OQQTG]G[X4:MXJU99[F&P58[:SM


%*6^F6QZB

K22

_#







B'J/\ V

MDR6T&VE7I &&;V13DC%L.7EV?2=AHMOI5E;VMK&EM:VJJD


*V #UZBO
ME_\ ;$_;5U+X=^ ;6#PW;^(/#

M:II%Q

M+K^G7D=G#\-/#%U)IEJ]K/=S7FK_ &:^)'VF.6!!;!X4Y,LP9B1N=[#?#C



FQA QY8
M (P0.AZ#^0 H \[N];^+6JZS)'!HGPZT;2X=6M46XEUJ\U*XO-.*YNG,*VL
MP7L-L:69&!W


M-4^)WQ(F:XTZTLGGLK^'3I5E@QOND
$2[)9B
OM^7YB%51Q6A+^S#X;N_$+:
ME=7GBB[N/[:&O(LFO78BAN H4(J+( (!C_4_ZLGDJ:]$HH ^0/&G_!*NUTOX

WWC&L


ML_NP%Q@5+=_ CQ/']H^P?%;QC9K+/92()++3;KR8H$99H@9+8Y%R2K2
V7!7


MV@;I!=7)CMO(W*$R[^: =^T[:=XA\;_ !(\9?#G1]0\^%](T75-5=A=0^-


@ HHHH **** BLOQAXXT;X


M]

B'
MJ/\ V
VO_P#IXO*[JN%_9Y_Y$/4?^QFU_P#]/%Y7=4 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%(SA!\QQ0 M%
-P@&=WYTGVF/.-R\4 24;N:BGOH;90
M9)$C#
$!8XW




MZ7]CKX1?%K2/B---)\-8_AGINK3WHUGQ7K5]!XA\5:W:&(+:9NY;J5TF63]X

R2V_PSM;Y+@WJKDJ-;NX6*













K*[J@4
P9%(8



M#!.!0!ZMNI P(ZBO)OA3^RO_ 
*B\6PZG9_$3XK:S9PQR1_V1K_B$ZM9R%A@
M
U+1GOOM$VDZQX7TF8+ 7)^SQS
M6L%LZJ%.T







M)#;:?XL\/:L%Q&+J+3)69G%N

M;1Z#)QZUZ!7_L\_\B'J/_8S:_\ ^GB\KNJ BBB@ HHHH ***C^T?[)]C0!

C/Y_ITYZXXSXK?M-_#_X#Z$VI^./&?A?PC8QQ-.9=




%7R



#Y=Q]!^N.M?SS?\$3/!EOI/_!4OQ;H?[.OQ/T'P[HVM


M'BO)?C#^WY\$_P!GS3I[KQQ\6_AOX7BMYY+5QJ'B&UAF\Z
)?-T+PM8Z<^\=&S#$IR/6@#Q'1O\

OBA]CA:3[/X
\#:UK4D[*ZIL0Q6NS=D]V  !R1533?

MQR
BHWM(Y%(:-3N.3QU/K]: /BW0/CI^W5\1?%5GY/P3^!OP_P!#VSBX.L^
M[G6KIF
$H@;;;Q0B
)
86D7#ED$BJ48JXP[G]D#]M[XJW4EUXL_:T\+_  X6

M !K_ 

%*[;:UMHA);(5/*
M1SX)YZ\UZ=\/_P#@C[^S3\.)M/FMOA%X9UB\TD;;&\\1M/XAO+
9)(CGOY)I
M4!+
B6+-<1QW)C



MN(TD4'9(G.V13E6 )&Y3@D8KX_\ AQ_P1.@^%[Z-J6D?%2\_X23P%)I4?@FZ

M$?A7I[2ZMHGA?1TTA/[1(DEU!%7$KRKC:3(S%BN-J[B!@8% &S^SX2_@/4-W
MS?\ %2Z^.?3^V+RNXV\YQSZUY[%^S+\
PGR_#WP+U/30K3KU/\'7]:#^S=\
M 


 5_L2U
MVEE8

M#X;?]$[\#_\ @AM?_C= '?45P/\ PS!\-O\ HG?@?_P0VO\ \;H_X9@^&W_1
M._ __@AM?_C= '?45P/_  S!\-O^B=^!_P#P0VO_ 



M'_#
'PV_Z)WX'_\ !#:__&Z .^HK@?\ AF#X;?\ 1._ _P#X(;7_ .-T?\
P
M?#;_ *)WX'_\$-K_ /&Z .^HK@?^&8/AM_T3OP/_ .&U_\ C='_  S!\-O^
MB=^!_P#P0VO_ ,;H [ZBN!/[,/PU _Y)WX'_ /!#:_\ QNHY?V;/AC3O^'_
M (#7'7.AV@_]D_#ZT =Y

MKEHW:-N#Z

M/A_X/S$';H5IRW4](^I)R?K0!Z)17GA_9P^%X1F_P$ \!A4)#$Z':84CJ#

'PV_Z)

MU''^S9\


K#.AVFU7!PI^[]X-GT].U2/^
MS5\

MR'3O^&8/AM_T3OP/_P&U_^-T =]17 _P##
'PV_PB=^!__!#:_P#QNC_A
MF#X;?]$[\#_^&U_^-T =]17 _\ #
'PV_Z)WX'_ /!#:_\ QNC_ (9@^&W_





I7( XYR




8\5]:5%=

LFD

M8)^(W[
'[8]K-\'IM4U*YT_]GUO!GA?5/%5Q
/#/A_4;633[6T@S%#*8\K#-


#!7MS_C^E20VW


M((ZBH1I@$07=R


&6-[MI#DW+^]?M!?L5_


M!\6_\%M?@SXD^-'P6^'MOINGZAK/A71_%IO_ !7IUGX5'BR2ZM#I=_!;EM(*





MPNC0HIB@M6$(4EGE


NNWJ+/?LD*
M(BPQB9VC2((HBBBBCA4 KZ(J&T$6TDEF7OD_\ Z_UJ:@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB






M6*-0B*0H   H ^J9+D1

MKU1[F/R;*VTZ:2:-93.V$&&@D+ D;0
GBJOPE_99\._ &ZU2;PWK'Q$N;O4K




M\ 37FF^




:D=[_P3T^#GQ:_9J^$W@'X8^+H? ]YX7\)^#$M

MOA#JWPWC\96OQ3^&]SX1FO/[-CUR+Q/8OILEUL


M*/\ @H?\
4^

MILMQ=:U?17WP\?P_;P0VJ0_O)VO
'8K_ .K.02QV  _3#3_VM_A;JW@:^\46

M .@^*KCXE?#^#POXINA9:-K$GB.S73]7G+


!.T_X=.?&:S\4?$;QU#IWPNUC6/B[#X\TR[\):AK$XT?PG'XA


M#?X*VNK?\)CIWAJ31;/Q?9:CKMQHK^.=




CV=K\+__ACP[IFMV

_X(A_%SX??LV7WA?4


G IJW:MMZ[FZ ]36)


MS#)H ZS7?C'X9\



M



MVROV8[CXT?LI?'CPKX9N9H_$WQ9\%ZGX?@_M35[N338;J;3)K.W*Q
TD=K'E

M'A'7;4 -:V4UUYSKH]S*3
\2

KJ0#5[5_CWX+T#X

MO_\ !)KXT?&71OB)KM_H_@O3_&/B;QO;^*=&MM*\;31C2E3PQ!HS)-)-ILEM

MU97

M
_;J\#_$7]DN+XT:##XHUKP==+




S$:K;I;MY[.RS/YNR-=BEF( /T'_9<_;2\&_M<Z;K4








HKI1=J9-N&XZGTX!_J/SKY7_9[_ .?


-=-JRZ (?[6M_
_M)

Z





M#YT#QCIQ2QOI7N1-JOBXZS;?(8$4(MKM#D/Q)E0& W'+^+__  3M^
7[6W[4

MXQ$A:-20
D ]A/\ P6?^Z^$+34F_P$T74KR=U7P^WA^8:VEJFFC5&OVM?O
MBT%B5F
O3#HF/
8)792?\%

MC3K66Y!VI/
M'3XAN6TU-
F\


MPI(!]D?'+]NGPC\#?B%'X3;2?&7B[Q


DQ9I(OWT#12RN6W9H
M ^Q]#_:Y^%OB;^W?[-^(_@'4/^$6LI-2UO[-XCLIO[&M8VD66XN=LA\F*-HI



+?\ X*4_

M9M4MN569E*UC_L.?LE:K^S1\2OC]K6L-IMP/B9X[37M+N89Y)KN73X]*L;2-


M&] 67.-P!(SBOS?\4_\ !(_]H_5OA3\.]FM?A^MK\/M!\#V:)IGBRZM&$F@
ML/MK310V'56N!%$UJMZ[+9L9!$J
[2-4_9W_P67QD^/O[!%C:7_AWPG\.



ME'=%%^6)Y7OI0%M('B2)@%3VK_@CS^QI\1/V
? WC31_'-QH7]GZC=:?_8%K
M%?1:SJ]E;P6





MVLO56.2#4E% $8LXP^['S?7_ #_D5)110 4444 %%%% $9M4
A;')Z\^V*DH




?RJ2B@%K
M-C]WMM_#.

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=jbss_NoncumulativeCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_FurnitureAndLeaseholdImprovements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_VehiclesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RealEstateInvestmentPropertyNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_OtherLongTermAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_CashSurrenderValueOfOfficersLifeInsuranceAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=jbss_NoncumulativeCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RealEstateInvestmentPropertyAccumulatedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsCurrentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=jbss_NoncumulativeCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RentalAndMiscellaneousExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_StockBasedCompensationNetOfLiabilityAward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleEffectOfAdoptionQuantification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromLifeInsurancePolicies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInBookOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WIDTH: 46.1pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_SpecialDividendsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PostemploymentBenefitsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeSalesMixTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionRealEstateTransactionsPolicy'

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorCustomersPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfDepreciationExpensesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfGrossRentalIncomeAndRentalExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCarryingValuesAndEstimatedFairValuesOfDebtInstrumentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfAdvertisingExpensesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfShippingAndHandlingCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfWeightedAverageNumberOfSharesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRentExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsDeclaredTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PostemploymentBenefitsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_EmployeesBenefitPlanExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiabilityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfActuarialGainLossInProjectedBenefitObligationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableDueToRelatedPartyTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PeriodToShellBulkStoredNutInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfIndividualTaxPositionMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationLikelihoodOfUnfavorableSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201503Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DecreaseInOtherAssetsDueToAdoptionOfRecentAccountingPronouncements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfCustomersExceedingTenPercentOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ConcentrationRiskMajorCustomersSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=jbss_ElginSiteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfBuildingCurrentlyVacant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfBuildingsLocatedOnSite'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfBuildingBuiltOut'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_GrossRentalIncomeAndExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RentalIncomeNonoperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ExpectedFutureGrossRentalIncomeUnderOperatingLeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShippingAndHandlingCostsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AntiDilutiveSharesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_WeightedAverageExercisePriceOfAntiDilutiveOptionsOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsAndWorkInProcessNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccumulatedAmortizationAndImpairmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccumulatedAmortizationAndImpairmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccumulatedAmortizationAndImpairmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MinimumLoanAvailabilityRequiredBeforeFixedChargeCoverageRatioCovenantIsApplicable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtLongTermAndShortTermCombinedAmountNetOfUnamortizedDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtLongTermAndShortTermCombinedAmountNetOfUnamortizedDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentTermsBalloonPaymentToBePaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescriptionOfVariableRateBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentTermsBalloonPaymentToBePaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationDueInInstallmentsThroughSeptemberOneTwoThousandThirtyOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescriptionOfVariableRateBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NetWorthToBeMaintainedSpecifiedUnderMortgageFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PledgedAssetsNotSeparatelyReportedOnStatementOfFinancialPosition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertySoldToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_LeasePeriodForFairValueRentRenewalOption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_LeasePeriodForFairValueRent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfPurchasePriceOnFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfPurchasePriceOnFairValueInCertainCircumstances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MinimumRepurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_LeasePeriodForRenewalOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_LeasePeriodForRenewalOptionsRemaining'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrentClassificationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalizedLeasesNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilityForUncertainTaxPositionsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_IL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_IL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationYearUnderExamination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationYearUnderExamination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ContingenciesAndCommitmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyDamagesSoughtValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_StockholdersEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=jbss_NoncumulativeCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_StockholdersEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RightOfElectingMembersOfBoardOfDirectorsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfNoncumulativeVotingPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_StockholdersEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfVotingPerShareOnOtherMatters'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ConvertibleNumberOfCommonShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=jbss_AwardsToAllParticipantsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=jbss_AwardsToOneParticipantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_FairValueOfShareBasedAwardsGrantedDuringThePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingNumberVested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumAmountOfOptionsOrStockAppreciationRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumAmountPayableInCashAndProperty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantedExercisablePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfDividendsPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_SpecialDividendAmountPerSharePaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_SpecialDividendAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAndDefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PaymentToLaborers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameAxis=jbss_EmployeeContributionFirstThreePercentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAndDefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameAxis=jbss_EmployeeContributionNextTwoPercentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAndDefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_K401PlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiabilityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCreditNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfActuarialGainLossInProjectedBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeInAssumedPayIncreasesImpactingActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeInDiscountRateImpactingActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeInMortalityAssumptionImpactingActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeInBonusAssumptionImpactingActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanOtherChanges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanDescriptionOfBonusPaymentBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MortalityMorbidityAndSurrenderRateAssumption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanDescriptionOfBonusPaymentNetPeriodicCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureBenefitPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetPriorServiceCostCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetUnamortizedGainLossMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfCommonOwnershipOrManagementControlRelationships'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_PeanutsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_PecansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_CashewsAndMixedNutsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_WalnutsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_AlmondsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_TrailAndSnackMixesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_OtherProductMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ReserveForCashDiscountMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ReserveForCustomerDeductionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_SpecialDividendAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ExcessCreditAvailability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatutoryAccountingPracticesStatutoryAmountAvailableForDividendPaymentsWithoutRegulatoryApproval'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfCashDividendOrDistributionWithoutObtainingBankConsent'





C*:L=KP5?BOOZ8
M7'_XW82=-W9O_['Q55 V\.LNY!=02P

M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F


O

'./8K7@9U57+7L4@3PW#15_

A^

MDYY@$


BYX;6R%F=%NXS8017_%\/NNR9DA


WWN^^W5;+:_?V[7S?YSMVTW^3^/W6[=]/EV]S3;;W=M







#Z!A
MIP O'P;P
8!5P.S@;&SJSTW?W%[ONK?)[M!;VV88%/Z*\\N\'QZ.[V[\7V[M

M/JI&'1QE&Q&B:]#4.U $1$YVXF83@2=).7D( EGE42IVDKJ$J5JRK;2S]
M!/12*2\!:O$56DSABS$D-AV$TTW$=W4RDV$:L0G/=90%*@FVTDRG21P(JK!
M\P254&!.JBL7ADS(E]Y+9;JI8.R+M^-K

MB4


M'1%.A$KWZL)2L=0%-S8X/9)3-#F/FHMZZDJ;
42A
 ^\C4Z/[!3-3H]8S*
'

M=K)Q2HC3H'%*$K.0RKHI
A [75.!MMJT;VP
M
4+23+;W&-,3:-.3=E(.4,==%=9LNBDM&&U*<I(
MT:@IRA9%'2P,ABSW5 'J;%.4D:)14Y21CWF)KA)K/P9'.6?4!4.%'3T#*V(A
M%V;?XS\BYI_C%RC0-[K%AFR*KE2BVSZ

MLY21I5&SE!&2


M-!?
$S^).




M:&5E='

!#&OPKB Q2;?X8JB;0P39NT256G=:^=



M'!'DBV.-2(+-0
2N((IXA1BAA2
(LB!B4H2RP
1$
#G(.A' QR6#6V#-8@

M9WW




-
MMBBTKQHS8K6H6C2



MRV$&)NMFD
UA NQ
^8&9
@V
[J!00SCUL52*ZF8PD'3/9RP6VYG-#&SQ?P%D
M-L;
*@.^=(-DNFYIUV4@%A
8FB_<+ T#!'4
(N\0A&(9JA8RJ:LQ^8\3C@_0(8PZ 3
MGT)8X[4&5/5(:9\40P6(.IV*@9W;QC@&5T ]5MP[GWQ8

MZ[E%PAL5

C;!C*V =0V

-J;AOR
M%H6
1=$-EB)C*OXT:4$%:X

SGV/': ]RIDO JI5V'H+KZJ



M&QFC2JEVC['

&(TJ8HL6P%D-R2&
6^ZVXP(W6#DLCZ3B*)


M1TTTA33$^?ZJ_MW6KFLY$PD'3O_6N:IBM$-.#@7IJ'KA_3.
]3PB9RS^)UR
M:KC)1

MQ0B-F'3 ^'/
A




<*=([N


MOPKBG4G\-TY%D19HRTJ[TFA&N_N
K2^/B%]*23\KGU\



V



MYM%;VU#/+
\
]QCM

M4L=AZG@7+ST9C*3NS.B..70

M


%&. &+(TER;HQE4_DI85A
AT;TQ8

2 G

$8/)!3[
M'P
&2!/PT$/CE1N 1FLAS8 G
VPF#+A)4+Q9:!

M\P5A8V'(66@Q9Z%I



M
<R4EM3YU^.<+PF[#$<N0TLZ#]W#
M\)@NV^N0+P;[T?^0DLZ#ZW#+7M&U8Q0OASL



E[QM]$!2]]X:V8N-74G9KA$19
M04/$$^N@54_.C#=$JB._(-%Q(=#:BB*@B!%#:E;O\A-[


ME(P*\^N55R%9

MP$1SS(1 2GU*$;E2;*
%/7I

M!.('@975J &3&DQK
(E5Z1)A]6(_(+(9(GQ*W$83I]'$8?39
IHLC0;V2UEB


JGMM;M^9
0G*

&ULA9G1;N
V

M'L)E][+N#UU3/TV%=MLU)8E;[^K-?GE[/=V[[VZOV[=AN]DW]]VB?]OMZN[?
MHMFV'S=+L_Q^X_/FY748;ZQOKP_U2_-G
WPYW'?A:GV*\K39-?M^T^X77?-\

PAJC#UWM3-MOM

MIW


[G*%4


;*M-JU5EHRT#$+Y/(MXQD R@$@ND9XU
M1HB



'#X%
M(:8DF4P=2ZA+$R
;#W7V/+F[M(X919I11@[J@C1:)*+^7U(!21[)
@G3B0=
MU+P@ !2K[&J1RHJ!AF*[/0PF F28[T@39

9\H
M!;



M8=E.(_W-&%L
L.7EMITU9N226P*-VO]7*)-#&S&L&( *SD4]:82:1?0+Y
M.J@(A?+XSCRI@WPRDNX

K]X% 9TV$LXRYQ8!;7G*+ 6?(
MR6P&J$BEGT 42_






[#.UN.B1Y;MNA

=G)A[%4OOI69

%U)NJ
@A%AOEYQ%9)1IZ)2H?C-CFUGQL'N




M965T




D3V-WR<]F_-M(X


M


16'4AFKW0/RM\TVDCFO&E:
M8GL#K(XD*0A-DB]$




M-QF=:=L$.A/H0MC'.&0*%#._9XZ5N=$C

KXIU/WGKO


_2N('U#N2+IUIR12K].T2:MTZK3V

MUHL&?H#_V9\L6FQAJ:2&SDG3$0MU3F_WAV


K8AW*-ZA]U+L
M/_&



MN%;=W9HL9FEDAJ,E]80!W5.'[;'TS[&IX!G8-?G$FLY&+M2S0^53G=1$&@


=R(^\?;(L3=E=*96I#L4[]%[+;;O;C-V
MC413S&F,X<N8.8(A^YRKZ4X\7_@?!V^6U6X2_#='PKOU@GVJP3[1+#_;XEK
M

ME+*YP1%J\8/-AH(ZQ.

=19$E4!:
;[9

MML%B

'Q


G:-1%/
M:8SARY@Y@@7V.05?2W'B_\#Y.GRWJG7X+L_%-ZN$^Q7?:)8/_?$M=B[O]*


M 0  T@







MO&K5V9RVSO5'QFS9@A;V!GOH_$V-1@OG3=
PVQL0501IQ7B2?&!:R(X66?2=

M7F9.NJ0





MI%ZK:9

JD@EH

A?_!:Z@?'A0



I
!4WIB^-1MIT/#E;F@VCA._@?P]FBQ5:56FKHG30]L= 4]#X]







M]1N7OP!02P

M971S+W-H965T
0

8\;$P4E3\()_+4X$#

M+W-H965T

MB%




M965T




M6)'UHH%OX+[W9^
MMK!44D-G)7;$0)W3N_WQE(;X&/!#PFA79Q(JN2 ^!^.A



S@2


M\Z3C%T#T1QSFF+X*F:_1##/OJ3@6RE._!\XWX8GFPJ3$_^4)AN$Z2;!&DD
M2/];XE;

M]K]&=.E[&[\+7^@RV&@MJ%XT=_-M.838;#?OY!;/G&Q2]02P
$%     @
M5H(72RG2 
*T 0  T@
''9AP4Z/5P@?3-LQU%D25
M0%HQOMD\

-

M\B\X?(IGGM*IN(_P154(]*0HX2E4LK*7OG44\L08H6;^






MDO=


.G_

M^!'J_ =;#06-\=;?S;SF,V&PV'Y06S]QN5?4$L#!!0    ( %:%TNZ)G$Y




EYG3KJD#



$%     @ 5H(72\HV%[BU 0
MT@

MR7=R16;[H*2!DR.^UUJXWT=0=LCIEKXZ'F73ANA@1=:)!KY#^-&='%IL9JFD


N$MYV)@H
:



M51*IZ31MTB95G=8]NXF3H )FMI-T?S]C*
O


M6;FY)[59R;.IJU8\J4B?FX:K/UM1R^LZIO''Q'-U/)E^@FQ6'3^*'\+\[)Z4
9;7+V+<T*.QMU_$Q=16WB_$JNQD[5VO]'NK(UL1A:[E(:_#\^J=<_K

AZ=PA:D+3V_5RQ(39) @

ML@76**%&0AR3P1ABRRA)+0.#O!&&66(0FV$#)G&*1^ YH():,H%% P



&#U
MPK]T(

M



M.2YX;6QU5=N.FS 0_17$!ZPQY$)6!G9JFJE5HJVZO;9(9. UF!J.V'[][4-
MH=097O%
^?





M!/]5G72Y#=
P.


7V.S=D4=M
=
MA?MGG%=F]Y;'ZV5&;I9HP.Q[3#S!T!%!#/LH$6
2^_C!/
;-$]3#Q)DG4_4T
MQ0D6*





YYRY
*0#FA?;
M #CRIE5K

GR



)L9

VN.+PL4%O$[_OH =U]J2%\

YYR981CGD](O


MS(/OK



#I7ULPM5W@$
MSKV02^/WHHG7D)ZXW;^I?PJUNUHNS


X9N
M

MHD&RB ]1+#W%9-HT3H-OP9 VJUC#N&R\ZU0\T-#X?_!YI+XQW?;2H(NR

S(N

M'OTBS/#FO1F&


G7B1=X'K_P?[-UVYK.5$-]Y(_L\JT.=YA

MDMLY+!P0SP'Q$K#S.F02\ID_4$.+3


M:&5E='

RYX;6QU5&UOFS 0_BN('U #20B) *GI-&W2)D6=UGUV

M!9@8
S_TWP//;=UH&R!YVM



*G@3[U9:ZR?S$]TJHZ
#TLQB_P%S/P??FXK_!'9B!VTR
1R&8
M



-B5BF ]

M-R88YH;'%&3(R(0;TPPS!$W253!!%(-B88YK0Q(:O_.0=9NPY77B&&SDV7


M2J566J5J^\S:XXOQ06\3O^^@!W7W=(7 \,Y9\X XWQ2^M5T !:]2Y-@3MK
MAR
AINI 
'.G!I!NIU%:
.N6NB5FT


;TI
8;YC\M]-
D^(I#=)(EA;BLA


MPP

M4PV #MXYZU2&&JW[(\:J:(!3=2=ZZ
Q*)22GVH2RQJJ70$M'X@R3
#Q@3ML.



M^1/5-$^E& 
PUC\D^Q5<K-&-.$X:L


MW&]
?)A/?I.#U^3P42 .-R8^S']^5^(U23P9&/BP\0;$[PZ@AQD[2Z?@HQ

MT\3
Y70KIT+?GYP\/+JY7\ 4$L#!!0    ( %:%TM*P+GJM@$  -(#   9


M6\JFJEJIE5:IVCZS]OBB .
7J=_7\.XZ9^ 68XY\R%(9_0/-L.P)$7);4M



MQ





MJ:I4:J15JK;/7AC BHV);9;D[VL;0NG&+]@S/N?

6GN2X2)HELB*.MQF7O?296Y' UG
M/9P4TJ


M=



!Q^_8%=*RU9_\('+[+.2 G



M_PQC/9N C
/'?M2_TW!-!*B



M:&5E=#
Y+GAM;'54ZVZ;

7P _&0PFM4<^4HN
U7*B!1\5_
ML=IV!3Y@5$-#!VZ?U/@9YGHRC.;BO\(5N(/[3)Q'I;@)7U0-QBHQJ[A4!'V9
M1B;#.$X[^W2FQ0GI3$@7PB'XD,DH9/Z16EKF6HU(3V??4W_%FV/JSJ;RP7 4
M8<\E;UST6FZS+=7+S1C3A

\XY)%C7)(@*'&Y
%AP:ZZ?W;JZG
MMSPMK.KG-B7+OZ+\U!+ P04     !6@A=+XV%F1\0!   W!   &0   'AL
M+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970T,YX;6QU5.UNI 4?17 Q1%IVTF:M)ITW23
MW6329G=_

M)T27+0BFK^0 O=VII1+
V*5JB!X4L




R0FI


MQ0E0C7^R&I5R['V[;*)K5]Q1?_%?\+FE?C#5=+U&)VGL\_&77$MIP%J)KJR7




2YX;6QM4]M.W# 0_17+



M5H%VK='$0I71N^WAN OX/C5PN 69Q(J.1OS&HSO948W(2&04/B@('[P#U(




Y9RX
V:#-JVT!

]+#=YCJN<9H*OXG





$%     @ 5H(72QC(%3FU 0
MT@
Q<M+(M95-5K=1*JT1MGUE[?%& <0OT[\/8
=Q4[\ 

MR*N2VN:T=:X_

M9(H
[D!!(*%U0$'Z[P -(&81\

R%_\#
M+B ]/&3B8Y0H;5Q).5B':E;QJ2CQ.NV=COLXW5RG




MH:SW-
F*B;U3:O_H.

1K:N@-'&HZ_I.
M&L69/1U78\_Y=P/*HDS\9Q;Q2%-H_S?33R-+&)_3'P$F]WJAQPIN-]M!4_
MA?JU?\[UD].RK.-49$4L




M

M!^-U
?
^AK0(1RMH95 D8T9!M](@3!!%[- F%$7LT28$(MEL&:L(F#G!
7
M$W!(PLWB$@QFP1AN(D'DSB 0)F)*DQ?H7)*HQK%/0J8GD)T9'I0YD^D&DL
MP+E_56:-\[(O,31D1E F0&0:7H@Z(D8\, (IAB!%*8'$; 24*8) 0$AD'F





?4[[/N?N

M



M LT=B3



MCICN9];IFNW.3'N4\5Y2$D0QOEBA$;
?
.$
$TP(;-2G$.%:B'UX1P]O QSN

TB@3/_J+:




!3]E2@?T


M']C]BE



M*4Z2P209( @L\P023(;+G$*Z09 $.!MSF#26: @&
EN(=FPX7R@*;G@V0
MBD AK0SN_ =&@&(4H,[G_$;U.+]ST9#U (0C0-YL$T8\D 6H
 F8-D-:K$-

M Z&SX$HM (4^Q80=0\ 
/$2!S4#C&]1B
Q X$J[5HG



M_17D]ZZYYR*M$E4M5(K15MM^^R024!K8VH[8?OWM0UA5C[@NWAG#-G!C-9




M




^68
=CXR_BH:



[N3#VJH-OU='U=$% H93:@:CA



M&OQ.DRX:I/P7+9L#$(WAED=H/ :A 8@W!M$'J;*B=-;#2]T?A9[-LIH942










M^SX5'KCIFL[5\.I'PHCN_%X^FODGT4$L#!!0    ( %:%TLW(+V
\ $


MK+F%=B- 6A)5K=1*T5;=/CLP7+0VIK8)V[^O+X0EA.X+ML?G'
\9/$Y&QE]%



M=2;SW^$1,%U)NJ,@A%AODXQ




M+?XS!5Z;'A).P89.ZG(MHG.;/@7ZGJSBN6I?VVWO

M2L68!)6D]Z :JE'/S;P@4$D]_:3FW#:=74C63^\)FA^U[!]02P
$%     @







M1ELF!(X0C(1U]DA=(3P@X _)6!'P#,&DJQO3D11=)8\-X3P]]MB;E$ZSW6

TS;;GNGV2.V]IG@3QNAJA!SF


O

BYX;6Q]5.UNFS 4?16+!Z@3H*2) *E)5&W2)D6=MOUVX/*AVIC:
M)G1O/]LXE!#4/]CW^IQS/_!UW'/Q)BL A3X8;63B54JU.XQE5@$C\H&WT.B3



T:-6 B




'# J(;6--IFTVN\ENTLQF
M9Y^II=4





!M
M)F:-0G#EGD%Q45K4@XI)I:;O_;MJW+L;]&\T/P$.!#@28O(I 0T$]$' GQ+P
M0
 S NBMN-KLJ*9Y)D47R/[OMM1NHGB%3?4+&W3%=M]

M9M-CX 03CPA@U


7?-302$NC;;[?!(=^^LS
MM =\%M^8OMNWR0^9OFG_H/)<-2HX&W:ASOD)R$T
WE&3R;%TMP3XX2SD[;#


* @  C@4  !D


0
M/21$ R&:$9 MQ?1FCR7.4LYZA]NWVV)]B?Q-I+I?Z*!IMGFFVB-4]))%29RB
MBQ8:
+G%!!.
/R*04A]3!$LI\N.'MPFV-TCPN@6LK^'/?+)L+%.D/##V_J
&PO=V]R

#7!!%VT9-=EV6+=F2YB[;

MZ)AZ$@/T9J46LF/:E/**U!71RIXXA@G**.M7U8YJYWE&4N;IJW/1QEH&Y=
MQ^2?9^!B+







&2%(?\BJD=$



1!(H+4
M2U6U4BN=KFK[[2;@

M6JW\0NMF28C:%E Q]2@:J



MKW?_%4[ #=PJ

?S

*W&
M+=2%F#DJ9G[_OJ8H08JX22=NTBN=#Y@=!+8((XJK6:!J%HB:=WX/&N#M%MR_

Q&!&E)5+52*T5;M7UV
M8+AH;4QM$[9_7]LX+'LOF#/^)PS%SQ.!L9?10T@G3=*6K%W:RF['4(BKX%B


-

M3.VJEC


MQT


YC:3KB^?6WC4 +.]?[@#V9G9Q:S




4V[Q3Y1%J]UJ@-

 )7)0&CJ5

9F=YJA.($03@S/@4$(4S0&WBE3D5H

&ULE9;1
M;ML@%(9?Q?)]:\ G2J)M&::-FF3JD[=KFE$JNV\8 DW=L/L)NYYJ1J;V*#








$!9 @@YP!

@%$A%[(A8(H%$#A


M0!$#0VC:54*Z9D*EM!



H8
MG98E&QUH_@OCA][JC7)H[+N; PGV%8I*YTENG89[MU'S7E0RZWUMX6[U_W)
MW@^LZH:OENS\Z;3\!U!+ P04     !6@A=+%CR7I(



^






';+7HOM2G_]0)B$9
M!B;[O]2;*K2\7XF.L:N+=O@?[%[;KBZ-%[V4,OLQ?N;5\'DV_M_-L $W!OQB
MP,2L 1D#NAAPFC40QD!<#$0Z:R-@;QU28DQ2R#:S64/UMUF6;55.?@V9L


4O3:23O63

.J1P )<&#MVA9I) Z2PBI
MZX!;W;--G9HQP:<U&]L,)-DIK@+N*0%R
G3!TOH8'E[([$8TQO?T$I&)*_2


M!Q(Q#R 

/P=@\]2.QIQH

M0:($QR&

(# #R!ZC


M;;*J6JF5HJW:7CO))* UF-I.V+Y];4
HA6EO\(%__F_&V*;HN7B3%8!RWAO6



M





'ZNC9D_XFU OYLE


M36(U[9AD&N*4*5$


MR++9]Q_.RUH5!D&^3(;

M







]&1U_1Z?Q%-
2+]?OWK^ZY$TR+TSQE6C^U%M]F
=E'&WY
MCAT;_23.W_B8$(VC
?L?_


9/B'

M/3'5WUBC*[9[9\JCC/6TH2?)2?K:,0L!PR^P* )D1CO4P@,A5CB@(ZO ZQ


W/\[K/ G9 0 ?$.2!7#DJO4 ,F=YAN*%21HLS+%D1
M%%$O80!%*W0C9PI*IH#DRI
\8.A%&%P0K_@K &3^/
$ *


+M+074
L!U


-)IFN48O_4$L#!!0
^T0)Z UF-I.V+Y];4-8


M'E24E1J_]\^J

Q:Y-C

SP83Q1P(I

L

RK#8)2N]Q *+YC^
X&[0
2
MLQT:@E+;
0396P\(+2W':'*ZU(2?S




4GS
M=)Z<K:-14PX:?*7!MXI5J#9)$D
P$2!00KL[

MF-.T3I-AXB42:BB^ Y*!(!D X@4I!PV]H)FF'DD@*C &$:A( H%4#(/A091
M2$8]$D!#0S0! 6@#JUX0%01X0SH.J0#)$(5Q9B#.#*B+EW,YZM/T]R#

D*4G@HH8BF&8-1AE%8EV]9!$%RC+T=M0)$
MC-WYA% *]Z04*
O
;TII$ @3YN]=2(7I/9P[+1(!.'YM1M'M]QKL&$C%6'$'


M970V-BYX;6R55UUOFS 4_2N(]Q7[ B9$2:0F[;1)FU1UVO9
$R=!!9R!TW3_
M?L:X-+$O'7D)X)Q[[CVVCS]F)U$_-WO.I?=:%E4S]_=2'J9!T*SWO
R:&W'@

LX2M1_,XW<C_W)[ZWX=OL6,A'<?KC:#8]XSZ;_R%

7KMG7NGGJ?LG 1.&!X )@#Z L@\#0A
0
MO@=$'P9$)B :&Q;@-@*#KMNC/O

M_U1_-JKU91&G




\#H2M(X$J6.$TQ0@LGX^96B!E206KU1.J.&J$QGH42?$T@3AY&R #%



M(=4I6I]UMT)(KHHD-ZJ\O;I@]1\%W\KV-5'O=7?+Z#ZD.)@;5-!?XQ;_ %!+

M_MJ++;CWAMIQ__,_&: #JN.LC=^QE@X[S5I^-H]]$N/8^79UPC_D1;W
A_
MCI352


M^%7ACD_6CBIE3^F;VGP[K%U?$6&2Z%('FYXAP3HB))CC]#4'?
J1RGZUOT

T.$0?#O&G#O'@$!L.




((4
MMB1\ )J H D &AB@B97#H

M@$09S)J!K!G &AFLF7WG#$EN2P(3%8CRH*L+D'0!D!IOS'9A8X1F7VW-+$@2
M ]86)2$



M/
OOC7%#\%&H92K7K!^Z_4;0=OB@\



4(T


ME




$
LN3@D&P'2)E'52JT4;=7VV8'AHK4QM4W8_GUM
M0UAT+Y@S_B<



O9WC&57#A_
M
\:W/'$]DQ!0R)11('JYPA$H-4(ZC;^CICN%-




S?^ .U EUY4H1LFH
M



&KS1ADX:I/P7+9L#$(
M5@;8^T&@=4@
 ;ANH)P6^6DB8VF-YHLSNR0T H)+1!_ YDTT0H219]L162%

MWI




M;)

XJ;C71:RNAD!N@UOTJ!*C3+
P\J[//M[&F[V'SS.




//=4W8WPU4
MM%NYV+T:7LI3(90!96E+3O #Q
]VQ^0*C2R'LH:&E[1Q&!Q7[AH_;W&H'#3B


M-HQO*+F/F0E96H4L+02!(:3'1)-TS0VYAYB)P)[]'GJW1^.=-/ [-QE__'!@













;);8#1DY*L#,P]!12,! A0B1B&$H;B(A$4D2
!P@@@FB&Z_[3%
M$(
'(#VQ$TH^MF2[ <065

?*(!'H
MPC2T$33E3OA=Y) @P1(B0$/];A@=9#D=KX4RX.&H O3L!#(Y5@4:X@#0EJ
MUB&6!=
H8E
5#?


2U
MH




!2&



M[?HZ(UK27.H01#UN](66I8ZD\OC=!W4'IIXX;M^C?S+%JV(.1- 75OXJCO*R



0NF$R/$Q\.$((YAB9 . H0

MMA7E9W//$$[.KK6YY(Q&A[O



MFS 0_17$!ZRYYR) VB2J6JF5HJVZ?79@N&AM3&TG;/^^MB$L ;HOV![..7-F
M

M3H0HKAL[C4WLS-.8726I&SAS2UPIQ?SO 0CK$MNU[X&7NJRD#J T;G$)/T'^


















H:

M&F\ ?QKHQ6SOZ$I.C+WJP_=SYGK:$! HI5; :KE! 81H(67C;=1TIY2:.-_?
MU9]-[:J6$Q90

-83N\Y8_ ^X 5%P[43E*!D1


M
/Z$0$I]2A'84NR#%3WXG*!8(\+H



VW!/G









M/# FB?(+1ZI 3NK^[SN4'*1NYJK-NUNPZTC6V@L^Z/]E%'\!4$L#!!0    (

MW\V1KP





MS-*!\:





W FGDWQ2TQV0&TQB





2VCN2$+U2^LO8KZ1
*;:O/_CNY$JK@
M.A+ED3



MP!81:!$!%CXL$(
\?-?) $%$B"R7^SF6-/X)-%J#) C ))R80YH&)Y\+'




2YX;6Q]5-N.FS 0_16+#U@3


MM++A+1)0)L[S;G\


TZ

+_^XJ^\RX\OQG8BJ:24Z


M
BYX;6R-5-MNHS 4_!7+'U GX)(T J1MHFI7:J6HJ^T^.W (J#:FMA/:OZ]M

\SX0MI+]:YK (
^!6]UAFMCNA4ANJA!
'TG.VCMFTHJP8PM
97]3PAY[C$*X9_A-SG1/[C4)R[9^H.&@C15Q5@3['
:F
M]6
?]$^TVX0H$**1
*?_)




RYX;6R%E6UOFS 0Q[\*XOU*P.8I(D@ET;1)FU1U






[8'(#9M+$
M-VD28*+8&FCB[F(+%V3_:'WBA$ULV'AEP862!::L X-! :LK4E@Y(9-G;I


M


*+T4IRP[ 60RI(8Q?YF$V-&V@[EJ:T=1)[R

MYPFH

P]D^3(^;M9?*DRM#&&@$*IC +1PP4*H-0(:1N_

MF8WZ0A3)4\$'3XP?JR?F3&SW@=[






7\7BZV%KNT(0ZE#-

M]H*G+VCQ$]K68OX;NJ.PX42GJ/&'96_5GVF#/=+%ZEAV_SV YRG);X5YJ9

569L*


2A--::2\


M2P




MVF4M!\3QEI)?S5'4:S_SO2


M-SLD4%DP.GAL_'=[I Y1^ QD]RL5U


 Z-6FT
R W
SL;$V3^J39QF$]MLLC+
CIADD20+3;
.#(@-
MLS8&@LAM%CK-0MLL3 VST$H2P\0P:V

M[C'FSFSF-)LYS)K'



!!\









KX.WNZ



ML0WY$4':L*I:J96BK;:]=L@DH#68VD[8OGUM0Q A;F^PQYPY_F; 3CLAWU4)


QP



+$7)O;
MD!E
_+ -CI


M?P%02P
.GXVUF1JL]E-=I-F-KO[3%M:S:BX



E:?[4)UYMW-1U3OB






@7#RSZC$\$\*Q


M:&5E='





TQ:Q^^.U.]S
\=Z)&<F7KES6?:%13Z7E?]5WJA3
.-

UM\
MJ\R6^I$HDB:-YYH_ZV:F(\+K$V
S.'UCO[3E

:=XH0!

T%00G38\FF4(PD3




M





ML^0F)Y= -





^;LQ



ABZA[CX7!6




(Y$TKXTO:A=#O&/-U!UKX




=;!%JV-H_Y5
MN)

V!L'VT_-A\QNN?@-0
M2P


MFP%1&Q Y 4%32JW-FFN^F%7R[%7-SUMR^R\BCY%1?V

ML^!DB5K
LL' %89TB

9ILW-@9( @00F2\7)-4(+)
M+GZ&$8FCEP8ACER89@IGBQ#DV5] @AQ@BE*
!TO%PEQ'X8C!$- #(BC& IR
M'+=&070@XX&=@R 4T0 %NC
\$;A#-]S7A([1K0]B$+NZ82#7F2AH
I QOI&0
MOKL9L $*W-XDOD

MW:$;[G0R':-;'\0H=77#0.ZQAX(&


MIX7R7J4VK6_=H.ZDU
+D&#Z8' _FDM
-
K'3]G5BWJNFTV\&6I;M+2;HKE*+



Q:F&UWO.NEDD

M0._

(W;;#
M9]P&

6'7%
@VK6*RG4[%(1\W&TI\
MGX^;#47AW)O&CBF095K%9#N=((H#KAEABKC10TS.&:? SBF0=5I%E8!*(
EK



-L#

/H*EB;*6$K-2J+ML N9'^&$GO(M
_O=A$)=IH\Y*2]O:8:P7(
M)UY)=]-





=
M[6JC)/9\0J271*?4'?;KMM=\V




2O#[O.']UG=


MZK_.]E*46=)Z

M_JR!: W$LP:R-9#/&JC60#UK$+0&P;
&86L0/FM@2K)5CGR:R.]-;F+3IZ-\


IF/KUX)H5;'CZ:Q\BW[$&$L4T$@MTS$YOA]\04\P*8

..Z!

M@:LM++4I(4#NAA&=0(Q)!@9^;%-^P'THMDUQQ@+0M2D247)8$3




M02ZCA@F^5QF%P$A/;

MVY#1#&[!*/3%P:DZ4*(G.&)+*^$OK1;JKA0 &3]&)BUR7XAP:7X&FCT.-G^

MJW


MQ[\*X@
4VSP8JB32DC1MI$VJ.FU[31
G007




%F& 9\ZE=J289<N0 4.&S IBW&SAAAOR#Q C#]D


M##8 =D0O49.A6 \68O1@ 8:


)0?_M3D-\3TQNHTWLCK0]2W^+RF.25

M2P

);BW11



J+QIK
YO
4OH=O%_QD1RLWNX=E



M9Q_G^;K

&JMRPIW*K%]M7W-LM$[DDS0.^IR)NO7$$S[SP@!SY/0*&+%*[A

J4-O$GPP.TQG2Q
;Y*O6WRO;GKE[!TZZ<


^Z
M_13H
W)U.7L/M]W]Y45S;K?IMWSY#1GH' :4;;W'9)XMD2D^Y$61O[0= 7VS




M?G^
I3

M+:RR$M1\8) IT(/NLEU@Y35PQ][ZG*S!0PH

3T@*.OO=(-M-

MM*]A]4J3


DOV%H) JAL8)4VPO0[^%J




XE*27






/V]6S[DJM?82*@
MF.=K8BS4;,H!.AMD0669%WSA+] 6ECWLMO@!G<1D#0JSKXXDS6:@8' TA?X

JT;/.;#_QOB5%
MEFY?Q1[S#5[P'HI$FE;\%#;Y

MBF+9BE?U*5F#_D\GY *NL!6.!%8TA5[@_BB


'T3]A'0*A5
I*
0G)=%/4UF[


M_D8B$2DT!,J10.]XS&9XR6L=0'M UD0UX8-SP=:+L=2@LW
DAMA2NJ'DA7



MM]TS
[2%FK/.5\I8\



\BSENIL':@DO4K

!_S+9!S+)\%8D1LO*^UZ07.[4I] E '1

2S5RS/HRTAQ


DNLUAQ
MB:-#N8$6
\/S_OD69$S48G 9[T$Y


Z=J3WC-<



MXJ)!'DZ9&




MYETW9L)J)G2Y]O[:/BXEX^I['U&K_IZL-NAJSZ-XRBS5;9,=$X;*ARC3S-

$'.E(3V_Z

FW




Y7AYT66M66]E$FZM M
/O].28
MJ3EL(B)R:G?L5NOSE[QGD)7LE4@+P(_7PRCK]AF@7)PR/)8YU7U*:Y\8;C





I2+/G!V!(S#HP


8J[RM@VCM1/HQQO4@?C'^)CPZ1BWT+






]B^L=LMM!@*Y=8E3A#_

%



D5*# 9DF[+'

@G
M:C0.S-JUZFTU)4PU5(7:4- 9R1S?]SY9=@]OS1;?,-:51,9S8B?F48I#,9[L
M]KO2O6A8[5? ZZR 5'7!:89HV?:9PI[:<!YDJV<K==H:I=[VNVNE9D:1X7<

M(



E2

M(S?O*B]26

MS]O3OEEYPK5AJX


MG
)='1T/2V3WDK9JDV

:$::XI*E25IWCL EB19Y QM;&4BE$)')6A$Q) 0]



MQ'GTR@;Y;79F)DAI71CY)4*XB8+AK;-\K_
H_&V[5AT-K\0[#_64B9)%
#\;
MS9B4-K:VVR&1J-B/8N]$OVQ_4VU\ORYWM2)BD#N\*ARB*'B?;[*Y O'.;T=P

OL!51


M(1?VCF1X%L3P
\:9F+@M^?RMFT07(\ITKWB)@FBL9
=D6U[%HK9G.&/8E/K/



M&.'L[B%B@UV-AGAL?&=
0_U=
\=2]_K!)FT=R(4




0G\QX
!GX



M?E$




M0X:# 842!Z
&SDQG[%D35^1A^X83.S0G]O;BZ_755\SK/K^]^'!Y#^SV'*$_

MD
.\&?[2U@<IT0FKG
M-TS2(^W<&D-!*Y7$%E+:' A42BWF*=TL2;7L


+G@(55R2-EONJ;(
M

$(R9





/F1N/TGF'D%







P395!)4R
ABQ.@UX'(&
M=241_T8K9ZBQ.=G6K&P3]U6WN.^UB_N-6:J*P/^2&H%?/M\G\#=.<D-ZOUP[
MH@6O*1[D/#

2?(5)TY)



ZO

[

*-+GSP*


+J#?H$3.+^4!^@']!*YHBLN4-4)@[Y
OEZH-SR

;&1U:!(' , JEPT(\4XX/+Z. #
M_#5&_!22U'3[
-H%^U)^@7\Z_R I5U-R)0@W\P_V\$_$H,H=:.:3V;H;J50&2.]TL1/D(.
M,].77IZ2;<%STD#@G/0V;_5]XY=! KWX0[(WRV;:WVG9/W[6:)YX0[+
MQ6&@+EI#T8$!@9P0^-

(EI.]



M1\0P
[JBB/
FU9I3GRBO GER:]BR# W]/GA(
6D0 SV(-9B06B59\'A7:6 7


 !#;*E_UXG@FR;3O



5!7R497LTI@%ALE6V%7$[ +VQ%XSP2AR%



K2V82D:%JQ A#F
(6HM(=SC'QJ)Z;[F[ )8U$V[

MB96#C9:%

=3A
3

6T X&P&$:H^)X*C4WDJ2LY$N&CT3].ADP'&$#/Y--C]K
FRDJ)\NN#ZRS^83DX6G< B<8$B^)]%4MDE4B]T%J:I&B2$MNCC!Y(%'


\$SI7\4K@'.B2!D^B)-^GCO$(X'EC[
M3^16TP9NPN/AKRP\6V:30#!/E8'3#)YO@5P&
(VH%D2YP'O9V;?MG!D




M J;*%W92UMZT\Y$\6+(144F(A&%Y#4ZT$T_NA






8@)D,!J,'C<01W:^3#01&#NC^)XEKBU@&& 4-K
MYQ-1C4^<6M!-W@)OA#H1IU][&<583CQP_& 



A0^F&'

;PEX?84\6K


.
Y19%I^Y3.6WC
9-\'(?F#.$.QW






M-(L&YK);$\:!UFNTTJ80MFU6WD8%T].K;3XAD**A+P++OOKDU\E6PQ'6)
MB-7*
][$ME!6UI67?<<E

@7%\L'Y)




MB]L;0](9 F*@7VO'Y(_R)Q4K(HZ*TSM+US63I!F*Z4#IB1Q&H71!:CF+0@+O
MY+9R





^M&V&!2(G!N$_?
M7DNF'PX!U51#;YR[1 )^5O#99/EEH+(0WQ(WX04$<V246)A@
@.6;%E6+0S
M)GV4;6C([OW*GF ;*KA0EJP9JIR4FMN;
XI-^T0_1ZA?\?0J]XN[5HV)MUPH

MR
)\


M)*E &)H^Y34K!DT(1B0Q))A7S9I';7R&#/+QJ3[ECR=;D$VM6G,G&/+?]0E
MAX-I[&$F(*%3:G^-B@\2%=UW-I[5]*XA!'P[&B\$.X:A1%'8Z4%&PX3C$
MK\+0PSHRA#ZD[UGX8^P-_5$4'P&]QX*-A



<.<^D






(O.P-S35Z;!%'NI08L5S?FW?9-;C?B*!A(#7<6
MI=^&[Z1- )7]V6,/N$F3]0ZH*X@1S 1$POZ4?RTR0V
'V6443_$CP)@J?VQ
MPB6]*7T_C59;7Z/NPY+\AG;(?]R L1(R4

4_

M]6'*-O?5!^+S'!7L2'(SN2E*[X
M@&R_KS(*#.N43I *%_GN8?NX6]KBT-KW





W?X)&=?M_<7MU9^\
M#[/[F3N8&LO:Z2^T/YX3FZQIRF9
+G!:F(]C?7W59/E&Z&'?612;!JOS+37Z




MP)7;RA@VWN;PWCX!^\%KL7[[O%+LPT94MC2BXS[I1TL1PN/W2G/V^E[%_GA
MT!UC1!

$8]VH$
M=VD

2)U#H /C^$Z'1^U4V-R:O8'8_HKY!^C^
B=

MR7QK
:P''SC(3)W\X2_O[R[^^ 4C@2ZP-S=WUPHQ +Q'U,I1 ITI0C2LV:E
M$5ZR7$U7YB'SS;I66H?KT:/Y





M\RI4B=






M)-^RK(7OK-YA=%K$ 

AT
M:AG@0TA%;[R3A&E* ?J**B@8\T?9;L31


OL$4_H
M @T_L$AT


M[9U0?8N K4M#?\(F
O@$I'+$SQ$8;7X/G78&-QQ5=%2+SRAD0Z='?4O%EV8L



+RF(7=I5@#O0,UWGMJ8&9M76WT9!)WF*D@FI*!LI=1+C&I
M$3KGC=.]




MN9]OL9CE!:
QNR%21\5%_6#;&!TU P&

:3T-UVSHDC'8
N%:)'W'1DL@?H(=676AF)0?^J:4SMF
T@9P)
M35QU[

*#R+
5?*
MC]I7'=/E'5IX$95/L?59AY=_G-V9:KX2AUJZB%Q)J6/YYW(W
FH_7WR=B8U
M@/6-HY//#=!FXI@%8*\3K!9#^?ENA*6IR22E&NIZ\PO5#U)EZ\DLPX6B@1#




M+9?C(_$)3T[(:LO78=GWG5C)@[BZ5_;QZ5D7'T/R\DWY/59@F
K/HTCJ/

F%PCD ^
M]1[RHB#%LW37M\JJ#N;EFY6M%,*F8N(D86:&U58V<6ZJT1/M\#L].69J#AN
M$=^G?L=NO3I[Q7M*L;*T58BKKRN,M.L%E[0+^JJB+:$&ZDAI]7CGFN/76M

MR+/:_#M/UT(E\$

@
.HI2$$0IRNN
M*9(14C3!5].ITA()+G'/V4Y3*QSK3^.[5#@-KBD%1_418[A]#Q.FOZ%ARM0(
M(LG#6!-2.5,@'U%,B!@2S07HFSP+5M$[:WS






M?Y]6Z(9'C(JE8/

V#A[1
N(:Z ='B$IM&B+

MX\??5.91BI$R 1#M-[][;;+90U$Y&WN5=VMFKV;RP#M4X6] N%@DW
.!Q2
MI ZWN]:KP;B51$ZQYD86E%[HGC27N!/2*Y-SYJ':!


M
]K*E%R

MMQIBJNAZ%Z_5'$^+EBZRPN:JZZW$ZS&K!);5-\FKA




V?SN
0XD.9A+4DF
E8
E:VQPGGA5O %GH
Q$X1[@ND7J'R6




'*D;H[SO\#R\FH5'U1VI'90R#&9%U@H/BF78./OM%KK?6(%1

[:%%5

I_AK&$4^ 7($B$OM@ZRC+J36\:-L









\T_OX?\'WL.W;
@__8;_
M6+^A

Q(QSQ_8OMZK]%S$@GAL#XGMC0-1666-


M'TLU!H

-!@/SBWI?<&(4AMM-0

1%4WH3O%ZP-T
M/.R'\4]'+)376@3@6AI[E0D1_#QT.J10RJ]KQO?OT.QX@O4P2GH1I2[:<




318EC1

Z

?3H^HIPP&Z=:5K$\NEZ^1!6SA(M(Z/I:UH
C1'
&M&

MW&9S!.C=(4(:A[*9W%)@[/PX]D0_D

M(:




49R#;7
MXLRDT/NP:]0O:Y;@WR(_% _AJ_+JW^OF):M*'%ZF9&!+.\M)\MK0S3OD:H

M[6XT;!9?=K;Y]N[+#YX[?+/UN


MJCA *E(Y\@.U*G58\8KBT#7ZW0R1O.W

V:DZ:@;\6_0*Y\Q5MB8RK%8I_[

MV+B-.R9*+/;)/P?\$]TN[9[5VQP5L1LN-61
.W5^W\V)MDXK4K#(R:[?.^&7



M3@PZ46
1:F %!H)6[=L_ 2'4T%L$X5LC%+6?4*RMP
X?)^X0$!4G(W_JJV//



=A7X
M^0K/3JK]&7P#
0DWF+0D/6 '7!FUUA[ZQEIOKP^5
Q/UI].?X/]1\).ZE62*


)\
CSF]N8
4R?-S\O;.\JEK*Z=1PLEZ^3\7EG

+UMIZ]B)\=W])V @2%#
MNA-ZL3]%,T#UV4V3^5%L#L4 #?UH@&^@UBXUKD/*4XG\R89H3B0*GZC$WQS







'HJ&P/CB

LP85(=H$K6@D'5.OC)I$\^#;\*T)N% :!+Y



M#T=)D::=C6VG
O^4BYOO60#5)=!7H['(Y(Q!&)-:P:4@:'J1;J1ZP?WK)A6$

MN&*C)N



M(889AF%_H'Y-EM3TI#_TIGW




![K)I=
MSHN


EW6R6V!(PFDG






M37^3@O6LKSBL96\1K39TQ#
C^E#
















MWAD(O(#\B&+&G3S0-9R$(8
)U#\W%O;U[.TJYG@\54@$.!8&H?O/D\'(!C
M;3_WK?#%/XS-NJ^G'P-F;1! R'8P+O._@[G6F(_2




MIQE3MF\/6KLFXA':







5]0R((K?M0[JYW@_0<06URF^7]57^W<07BN=O3[*!^@G.V #8LMK!
MV1^ED/SEEULR@*J705 #Z4H[#];AM/@_VSGBM#_
U_NB-_F4'1]T0))8^F/

DX&I)6?L6/=9JAM


DD1+ ^
]W7YM-8$S OL4EW5+3.TO)43*L

M.G*_V




M==SFG8OZI

J? L-Z6
M1B:T@8
MLUN(W05_ * - 

G

WFP3JW,5/^
M%]XA;,=WT2<=UD5LI#K2!:8[2[,5<TX%LBV*KC_?2EQ4S!CT3I'EBO
487[

($EDR:NU(M'M)5Z

?YHB@LD^
JQ$0[U?;Y;?G U8?Y6TL[#.MGT\2[_!QW(O\L33T


3K8BX#7M^


M0B?^*Y1UE'EJ!:=2?O'X1



M%4N[8 U?.MS
LV


!#^*T(9

M]]Q92(H;O6-P7P%HU'$FF@176M?O@Z#)*NDN9 U!

K('EC
M%W$6S


H3'W?XN#/22_7_.:V!'UI:4.^AK2N)!B*F6!/6!R

HK!Q%R\J.6M:!#6HMN3%R2DHIB-
PK.@-0YL!8_=V


^0T[J6NV^\!H*3CX6GZ;
#HQ81J3(0^JI**/AL_NE
P H##:






UO'O


M:=V9N;S:BJ4!3W-%YTGG'
WDY[R8=]6C:5#K$R0H%V:[W%6MK+;VHN)]TPR=







MI9A(.CZS=&!\ZWL4$^G'9]8/C
]\GV+#15N_4!,NJ/B(_WXW/J!F'%1/KQ
MN9
:B$EW57RD'W_*%



UNEE%,
M9*& V4+]&DS[:PUF+H8'*:R4

HJ)









MNH84(PO%;UR6
#\.^::?DB@F_



NWIDC7\_?:O[=MB=COUV=^X?W@[[8[^8
M;8?A_*5I^N6V'MK^\72NQ\N5]:D[M











_ODW4$L#!!0    (



RH02AB)I02$THIB845!.*J@F%U83B:D*!-:'(*BFR2HJLDB*K
MI,@J*;)*BJR2(JNDRHILDJ*KE%UI0B:TJ1-:7(FE)D32FRIA194XJL*476
ME)K1I$UH\B:463-*+)F%%DSBJP91=:
(FM&D36CR)I39
TILN8467.*K#E%
MUIPB:TZ1-:?(FE-DS2FR*HJLBB*KHLBJ*+(JBJR*(JNBR*HHLBJ*K(HB:T&1



O87!P+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( %:%TM?@0*'[P   L   1                9D!  !D;V-0


M='


4



M 0(4 Q0    ( %:%TMWB/,([@$  -L$   8                9$9  !X



@8  !@              ( !





M='

YX;6Q02P$% 



MT@


RYX
M;6Q02P$% ,4     !6@A=+ZN[7#[0!  #2 P  &0              @ &1
M

4



M A0#%     @ 5H(72ULZ@A^T 0  T@
  !D              ( !)SP  'AL



M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %:%TO_UHYWM0$  -(#   9              

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 5H(72U6\O4T 0  T@


M2P$% ,4     !6@A=+NB9Q.;0!  #2 P  &0              @ &520




M%     @ 5H(72^$1$^G& 0  -P0  !D              ( !I50  'AL+W=O


2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !6@A=+'64Z\L8!   W

R+GAM
M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %:%TO&.;P,[ $  &8%   9                9]8


U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (

M% 


SDN



YX;6Q02P$% 


M  @ 5H(72QC(%3FU 0  T@

M:&5E='



M 0(4 Q0    ( %:%TL:I1[_\ $  . $   9                3IR  !X


M%TL7OK!9_0$  





M4$L! A0#%     @ 5H(72P@1\(#M 0  V@0  !D              ( !%8(


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !6@A=+DSO4

M=#4S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %:%TM/GO23@(  (X%   9


M='


M Q0    ( %:%TN4M4M^@$  !X%   9                8B-  !X;]W





4







4     !6@A=+AH6CA[H



O



M2P$% ,4     !6@A=+;ZJQ]LD!   8!   &0              @ &UL@


&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 5X(72U-]

4     !7@A=+5PP*MDP  #)!P  &0



M% 









M
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !7@A=+\/GKRK@!  #2 P  &0
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 5X(72XA*O;Q 0  SP
  !D


4








end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001193125-17-265655-xbrl.zip




MK/C!2I8WWL?1
'B?73:_:S:JOV
PC=\CI[R'*X(X[
]O /&P^9YH+%7NFTWC


(

MRE_(%_G=+X1H7

M.-V5%I9INRJL3^9XFJ38#I5

J_$-@JOM!WOR@I
0K46(6I







$PU\)1.M1+L90QEC+^-

T3@L6U66
M%%=Q #+5)













MBW )(5R13P[YR'Y9-O?+(N9E'?T$D(_MEV6Y7U;





 R=

MMDHEZP;R6:61BV=RIYFX4NI\%0JK8R=#6PPLJ_C6;3X ;]V='X0^C?BR#J



*

JC7KI'$W@

^MTO(+5TO19U'8:5
M1Z9.

]%*=AW3P@0?

M%;.-=P)

T^[O17J.8\
MQD'2W16([
G*DF4-@F7WRH=H_#@-XA'

TSB/6Y3NR3@[H?:U$R9
M$=V3-%4#U
QP))U32W*Y!E:Y9]G
HG-O Z/46':K; :T% (7@&:#@26I2/XU
MB@9?P^$0A==XZH\?0]!^VM]=9-4EZ#N33(-;DJ(JLF3:!I= 
?5TU=5LT^7
M *#

MZ0.' [PU(86*TT$R$0+6 -V62@+-!AHLG_A\BL;]]LVBIH3 (%MM [^LPU1/
MCK2@$K!5


4FX/!WBR@%]S<31FMB, *8Z.0
M+N'8L#OQL]P711O&Y36QB(#@<0X6[_&YN
_E #*_'1=W*@T$41\*)TV!WHH


.%Q
01WMY';(!W-


M?;



MJ_.34N- DY ]O%JH%UBNX8GNY;*)(?*L!;PDV[!JGX1[AI4ENUW;22
W:B
C*UFU-5Y\]/$<51P[J=723+#N
3
Y&N5/S7#



.?XW*+(N*/PVB)7.N

^



6BDW
MOCW6QK3:0[T39FT'),L-R5-S='K9B&RX0:1R2-*


J@+(HX8$K==F:U]0R=56R3
UFGDX=0NQY
M)794K%2R-OEX-^1;)'4?*//X

I
/'
MU_%GC+D;*]RWG/EX#38'&NQ)TT40RPC4DN053 W
 5Z%LYB


MH[
L:NI]TB2U4M!!






[


MN;R:

Z)ZDJ1KP!3


MKGCD28.Z&E

I8

'V7=;6KH/D:
M=5C


M5@@8!Q
_S

M9[VPJ


ME+1+F(]&TLHND?T2W



\@.
MR51T3S(
2^/

M5;R*5P [#I+I[N;J&B)

DZ6YL!*PC;+-;P0P2[[+
?

P_[NL;NM
MRQ;



YI^#B9^#*0;@BR; /' B!I_

+-4UD]],T URV:XG5#@\6S]N7

MV91T5^

4[]Y5$D&5A1#3[!



0T^)(H1UJWJ1\#PY6U0VQB

7+!-X3RO%=Y[2I

1FD*EW_1
[@$36%Z


MFFQ[UU5





Y0&=

AL.1=SMR
MUK%N(VKF9UL'+NZE]%E&642X!T2


W=?+SK-5U'1%G=
DOK4B5$F-^[P<F*!-5K$O6Y76Y+U: R426V-1
M=F!=[HN4+)#*-:+V!.MRCNAHZS*U#?5J@[;-ZW)=SM:6*+74UM-\15^ R9S
M81J!1K ;%3R=Z K39
GCKBXIA)J2Q115

ZFJBJ:J
MYHZN%%1IY8+

M%_@S?\_FT.
F\3_IMEB1=?58:JH?XZ&@[OH-A )?C?^5J[$%##,: YX_T(U
MFN-QQ7*P=P8BME40];!Y2#:S-&K!S'N:.-H1H(GBGZPU9 *N$7!V%2A]:)X
MWD7O=JM];P/PW4&QW!.]::S-$

MUYL&\6@SX!*4:@&
)('=&J

MOG4+%:8JPB4FJY3OJM$:EF=8LN=)EF(:DJ)33S(419:HJ;BJ(]L&$2ZQM-96







MC:)!@AIQ)YD9ZY5RCEM!F9E+(Z^=2I%%B@T@8!
]$S86?MI*;=9&:#:564G;
M?SQAU



P



M'6'GX/S$WAV5**O#H%UQ4%MP :%_K%V:;.O PB6D:KRB
*Z 4F&9BN_30;=I

M.T2=E;T71X X_9$@R\7YTOA0?P'AY.O7-02D]EV-*IVHTH8K-.
-7;C_N'

M';&JF



BP=5XE&6HNB#/AJ
M-/'#..THB+U]1)_&]
)_!D

[_KMF)-=JYFK)C.HB6D2ID80N2F9BLDEC;DV


.[D\1!-[15?+1OX1J5!';O& [?J!M;F:5(QAH)6JJI61+\$J





L0-DT#
(9D6Q38Y*BJ40RN:=(

:WYJBX<<YK5]=8.WB+AH\9P;
M4);C8!K&:4';15CLB6BYK1B C8%7XL!;ID^SR5F..\8'_#;VTY#L8)?79JQ
M*#'@S&+L+B$DSL_8*Q*6TV#7M2XB1KH?
SH*$)Q4ZQ#):G9.X\1#LG02LG


D
M9#8%S$ E8X9:
4Y6@BAC+7KT[T#F)[Z(3+Z9Q?TGU$?P]M

-BIEU+9%5J4+^LRS D(%?T$GG?^B?V5%


_!


MU=8MY+:H:KDBB\#TF&IRR71L'0M 69*I8[MEJEJP-3O4X^92[
1AP58)&4XF
M0.5_^N



M1$A0M?K-]AC+-/IM' ?]Z'&



M0CX*ZETC\FT%=0_B?0ZFTV$P;Z4.UZ
00B?#$)XN<@6:32M[QIFB9G
MC@9Z+E5E27&!,@:CFL28RPGLHYKLR5^0)-C?DE1B,)M:L 9JVBX.%-MBT.(
MIANH+4B:24Q80P:8ZY9')5O77

(*C5 Y
M1E_^*4S%IBR#B6+$J(CKG? UDBQ+)#Y4:9N#RA5%Q*'#2[B^4:[4(RHTA4G+

2<B@O .A$$VM;\'




XYYD

M;ANNV7(:T8

(N\=^Y2$0O\P4%7G! $P[VFR&2315
M]R3=L3A($
) #9$MR9
YLU5*'6;(BS52K9JS'EEMTP1
M\P[N&

M\3[$X)0!


T?
HCH]
M[1IFC3(P&HZ 647

?[L
!'C&
!Y]%=-

M)L'+/P#.^UWP%*3:



MK.1M.P*]^!=]$:_+#D*R=H[%3T*F?4_)SZQ 3I'&#
5N-7VR41;*Q,W8)$C8)96^0B12,[JR-2)3V



K_^O^V.++SSSX]6'?_W8NPM'0=+[%'SMW48C?_Q3+WO$W?6-N/]=X34S

MZA

M*$&//#[
Q[#U(5P]C^^$P=J1N# 4459@V0-_PTS4_A?MI_+7LB7.:/YQCP




JL_@&

IGV$E O!N^6: _K 1;!6 06E[D\I^$]?O@7

;


UF?2A3
Y9V\X-R9

M^0*

M$!=+/)?@;/+2&T0ST+9W4=//9V3MLW

M==G6^3LKSM$A?.?G%9F6HJ).XZ\V'5UW95V294V1%-G1)


MZJ9^5


9MF67JN'X^!M
E-

?_OQ'?DX@VEX#(_:RBO(].QH$PLLMWI _91#@




#-+XMRN^F%A?=H_W49@@_0F:6;;X@?GIW_



!1=A^8
P/
J,P
M,PF_1@M2_A5-0DW=SR34Z5N<UYM==A-^<WJ6DN0-FRJ-P-AK8&P8H<Y%R.!
M&=HWK4 KJOJ-JL^_AS'F%H!RAIY_T
N$ZN@/_1B=Y(L#@ DHU6$_G&#^0#C&
MJ^#FS_[X ?AT

B??S?A=KRNK!Y_
M?0K[3YC X??Z6#Q@D=PP29\)YC

\!5_$YD79[1A)B
 JF


M?-YJ7W_\







M1#E+5OFFY R3!?/0LV





3



@3\2HO95[Z
 4(Q!\#

L(*


_
:5)9L_53


M*8GCM#TVF(BE _[(J3SF&?(9M6?L&O'UR#-8,XJ4V6IR+5(ISSS106+[).


M


M!O6BQ96FL[NW%=W+WY0')G;NN)('G6II!- C]069(UVV N4QQ../ #E=_]

VM^T\73

M7_05I:U(=



6AOC_9JSL;KV(OEB
N+?&(9#:I&Q__^T^]W]W;


MR./?OU%]#;9C;NR




M/4*I

IPX0VRC Y+3_O6T29

LN 67W;P%EIPXH

M8_


MW/)H[+=QUCGJ?T1?K!!
#LQNQ






M0B^_RZKZBA'&P;]GL.Z2M*

M/:9Z)/X(GS&)HQ$82R(K-

$'H1BWWTM@]H:!F(L
M'C_#-AP+:JPB)K 1O1^C6 20:9BNX?[V31]2A+T9R(28(D4C[
P9=82-?*!



/X/=1.B80Y#.8)=A51+8!%NV?EQL3& 99U_#?+C]?


M4$U1ZB9T/9J4 (




MEFI.#^'+%!6%T[3)
FOZ/HG

^JG#/\%&HUZ)3'4BC8(#M\Y P80[THYF
MPM; [F5I=SBP889IN[MT+B_2MF:#O$0-D ;!*-)EA$/#.=/PJEH92(L#/$L







\-6?U%;F<
M'(


MU(C/K.J4)U* =;TV]AKK[%!Y+J2&736%*D$)B+V^M3SP3!
4A=;5$-\RSI
M4M7;*MK
PD^OE[0@5O;4?P:%!D05OM9%J592RYHX*%9H^U630(119)8.'@@4
O< UJH
MS
N]
TS?-.U5+)O ?TYSE=$!TDG8Y-TO*B
;4!= +.$-L$UNYK


M:N[LPH=M#GUGZQ=^$445





Y/
MT7






Q9!
AV-ZO
8(MQ634CS
U][](E\R






TLVP\GOG#WB@(1'&)
MZ*%4T !S;9:5R#1! C3T-+.E=(
_P40[C._OC6$





MRU=L2EL1-$A3
G0J7W!FK*)IEM*'B6?!8)FZ#S/
G5PB\@6FR?UWEJ4CVLZ&








 7;Y65XWJBP$LMQ@)$Q*2+%B+GL;

6;T

:@-

M6J3[2BH]D


$EFF)C\=;6Z(Z9ESLQ5





MS=N60QX
K$?8X8B'_8




7='


Z

M(IGZ1K)U7
9K2

A+-;&C^H^H5=X[O.[-Z%2[--Z<V]]FHOY!5@.[((;Q%UD,3+ZD
M)]LISCWP]2V-^VT^NC<??S4=[2UU&I4:F5SH_$Q*:^YHWROR)3M*$LI?8:]Z
MU5_FY%NSD@7@@-6[0/%=BQ@)*L:2P^HBT?]HBD87O'=O-/3_6R:]H&*L?'-
7ZI$:CG_VT
M?/SEHV. &/FT;@.LQ\Q'D;:_(II67H8P'VH&A$]*_B




M37R7/



+/T]



M
7P]_JKIAFZTVLVO76W0:.B]KF+H_;9B#INFTAT
#678







.1VLR(@0GN@5[-4N7&8O.0Z$I-O





M#
VZ

7[8XN^-5N*1T6/?
Z[H$W
M[N\D@K:L?M9YH;:B-A2]7:R!+DSLY?I@7HU:\E)HC4JAVZOO%Z)B\YV+@I9U


M[4)@=N('(CYVMV[X01XH=\LJ=[// MO=GO&(VVTM5-.@:FTE6'NM+JF4/#

MW


MTH-[E/1J7E5S

M;)Y$V1;N



M_B?V46;0

ME98L,ER(QT/964VXKDA7ZM($1(L?]9SE7<(MQOEQ@@T&)?8<172;/_1ZY

MSNA!P$0Z(1 31? #^
+S4P;C=K(E^]$&)L+CIT-F&ME!\(PRDPXS(6J-[/!!
M1N$TIE.!0C44$B^5$LGG

K


M!8;#A9* #?

M96E5Z2;XT19P
+\&6^0$-#!!G48/#DJ(1&$I[


M

Y0*5BE




M$*DUTA/CLPWX*S%E1VNWK3P)_-WK#%J@!49:08W&1PS8U'8P!2:9=VX@OAI(








.;F:7BV)


F)


+5AX2+=FRZ@Z3VTO=\B$['6QRE;JIZW6I


74/

M0I

-QFL_.CMH$E4A\'0YJ[4R\9*T^
OQQA/;=4EY$(;&\9M1










M

4PYY&\


I+8/
MTZR[OFTV.SF7WB

_


O^6V89/V)1=)X(=&Z@'0)]I1W+T4LF![]7MLRB[,MJ^V*
M^/*VI+ E6^V3A6A?P2U6@P/4ZU+R==D:M.%[\5))_WX]5;R:CJ]^&V6\;QK?
MX+65:U]ZI%^%! P047]KS(KC)6W/6+Z_J(N%,G;AL.\I90'&0$0#T$#4'IZ



MTX

B
MX

[F+L;CY/%=:8SF#I!1#S:CDO445CBSAY]$W@1^3!%0LNOLC0+_'\3FL5R
M[LBXAMZX*#;6072!813

M0NISWHL.YUA*S $Q? R\+'&% ?N13-Q




MXAGK= !-K_G5-394C0WURKAJL83W5K$VN_/*FSD78-Y793O?3.=D^2AK1E
M
+



-(T%K9.:[Q-(J#

M1MP/[[3&6T%$;9RLC/P55 S5%9;UJM2K4J_*1JM2&V:[ZE4#GEY9L8BVUGSM

M7\2%DA/\+@'IM!H/8QPCJ@L
DN3.L.\SA[^-@)[R\# 7TE]
&OOT&=#JC)P9
N_ !6POV_P=XB
M!,]WICED7TA7<5!8;!+UW4\WPD++T5D)W_&/(ZX%(\=/$'X[^P06_0T:MU\

M+/]%,)'!W[WP-0@#




J)%AO$(A6\R@]$H#F2X#J@C







P%(PPLXVC2

M]^@J!)&*IG
!XUJ8!]F(_%T)7J6 1K5#AR:849FG\4+JD 2=1T%V0B'2V)A?
M_UP


!MAL7!



8;VJR1I72H%5 +Y#*Z%R#DI<TI+OG]#[E8AB/)UA]D1^0C)UK[$%;<VG+
M#RZC470+&W!5VXTY584V_W(X=SSW3ZASN0Y[Y/XFMY230]F-(G=5/3@U&32


HEDJK*\U:BM ?RI#P==O:F9P];0
MXM&*)83-S_W%9;OF%OUG&\/195Q/


MFJ[MIRSGEK*4X]G

RT.TIWV+4MMJU^I;5[YAF\]1^<U%IDKJFB:LG*S3)3406V7R)




M

2SP]QQ2.@

K71@D1W_V;]K?/S[2[.$YI/1KH)MH
MX84=5/GRGYAJ#M+*\+N0!8_T YXO#4IM4B[&S\N410_^F%?ZX#MR]# ;)23P
MDJI4X?$YP@H

P]Q*6*B9$G2-A3;9DP_P\3LC$F42





0T







M@XLD7AQ0

MH#6;1!/#






%:O8GV,^E4UD?,ZXCWLM@8V7I0?_
M3'P98Y<OVPLJF+.H=IPI:-Y=*AM#&^/[B*WG#!^K8@=4FP


\$T3=1?E!]88T$-:.%T S%)
MPWC1DP07EHI=TDHE6PIG;.1




?IN6.6+V*S
M7


#5E
MN7(@=GF'+]'S$*O'8;5![:Y'23UON)+:G:'MS8&JSC2,E]AT7=-*'%U]/V
M2_M(T4JC@[ P#5+G!.32LND$5\0X-5.8A_W/-+.X#EL$'S&NXAC\;-\\ S





MXL9A54)*H*:N .NJ$V\.MD?(+:RUC[Y']E!(HQXD6;\6


MI'(;!'TES:-6X[W&1*

X%[Q$TG73OB-%N%DP
485'D

^4[B8(43G(Y
\]&6S)&Z0)$LD*28AS[UCWJ



#V&

MLNA0A'^?_23B8O FQ-V%'8G);-C^=
G2IF':_#S/1!J$U?B%!K:TE(O+AE@9
M*A3$++/S




((!.PC[[<U&X[#=FL95K-=X,[U-<Z=L





M'TGO;OV9
Y*:6NO7[+'^;YC.ZH0X


M
3LX?(Q%=Y3)BG8B (;B/?!QA764


55)W+.4
H[9B
@75,)._!$_+*+
SW
MOF/

M[X]IX^&9O**C7?A^W0E=8EZP9[L**.S%B=SXD^@)?4#O;N*[ 6N8/DZPX*2
M:KEK^^+0R9.NH(@AE$[10$Y9+ NGVV'=H8M]5P_'M.&CNDGG:SBH2#]Z0+.

M ]5
D0



 ^
MD:X*BH. MD FP)HO D8FY4!2KAP(QOJ8?'3V$WT(\]Y)3AHOR4DOJ8#W$]M-

V#?*J]*E4GUSSC@-(/WVU]I-M1RZ%

7_WW/C^VG$!Q

\=C5K-C?(=_0G9NZ8YX9=\DDXI*-


ILQL
M1CZO;/)%CR-





1KNP4








@J7N\
H0\YM


M.9=03FQQ2

MQ



RO04OYWG-A;XN (S-:2WP



_TVYRPXGDPL1MLQ6'@8@6BL%HCY\
*E
M!P9KO.!)%Q6FF!G
4CEIZ V0DW\R&U6_) 6._Q)&$K^%W9%=.DM'3\S?*8$8
MYV5=T01V2%-./%M+; O8IYC?0G)SZA-$-.9

MAL!C4:+I)E
OJ
).-GEN+B:6*XBD-!['T3*3@1Y [3LC(&9[7J=ZQBI!.BW9







M\43V^4\\12E]$J
EV![+^:_0LGB?!0I499^+1@T.9BU.Z+*W
^UJ7.P+D;



\_=F@];YT7 -:8&Q6D4K2=J!82QEL$;:G04!L%!8;7
M7U%?+FQJ@+*\<]/#<Y_\7);RKUCY NZ%LL=CHA9'V#B-W#QP&-.(%!:
*H*
MV6719Q-&IAFEC!=K5%9-+S%R
I5^SCD3(_0/XXXC5%(XR4(_$R&(?.T:#@!T
MIGRR


)C F7?WNI]3$XMY'/2BK14')?Y9'
M0*W7I)G7;1S*4N^8


LRVEV^*9H5^KYAY:N
MGF)U5IR9X-X&Q8\&+V34P(#Y_
NK26I)9894/W6K' !_QFP.3&/8UA2M;[5
M)C8:2DLWNXK6[@_
CC'H#8;JL?%G&DO@9[JVN

ZLYD_!Q:-
M_Y%NT-R!K7TABYS/ #$?7?=9(=#(
UZVXHP=.WB6I?_;O;F1_@4OYD C'S_V

-/DP5W ,8G('14'X1CL;%'_R35XCA1!CH_GF0)$(6W1
+Z7J5)


='(Y;/=?T






/

2+/O24:E
MWKHUS
9]:S;K*;5][N*?4[R^ 

M6VTJ_48+MHX!NZ:M&KIB:&JOK9K#@3X4F/M:JZ4N!X9=1L7AKZ)J.%/0UP7O





98H;R3&X84KC#.'8'

H!HV0%D2.3)JAE=?OH)T'_#.:!94[0=;F++U1



MX=R$(_YO7@V385'D-F6R3POE).1


M2MB)\($^O]42'I(&L]!_C[X)I+^)::!2-Z?O[+WQ=8D98JA+&-+8+T/6V+WK



M*^AGK27K9I-G?BW$PRD3K];7O%)#1_2QDBG2=3I%;K\(K?);X0B?!1LVRL
M?



0F:U#E4]9SK



M1Q4
NU]F\R
L;K'


Y)F'
!7]+(.




MQPR88R=XJKC4B=:91TZE?+Z%A)PSGH1S&K38OY(]5VCOG-_[MQ:3]G037M


]
M_9

MO*T6

_+8!:Y@.HV3_;%FYS_U)]N\[V.GSEP[UMTM_
M82Y_T)I[B

K;)[EZJ3U42WTODHM_

M6VI2'4PA;QC'?)O1K
:N5![4
MRB:%@:OLKS\_*TNN8![.MI^W87FN=ES#J036DI\\8FE'# /PH$52WYY?2
E

VG]**=2RZ6.8=*\7%+;4CZ;73]X


N8'X)Y';(4SS!%H?B[
TSJ&#
7?6ZSP!^Q
)2B
M!QLKF+W0&;
 AO&C!^G!N7^0_A/SG O7]^X56*DIC#UVX!D8!9-%*-\ESK(D

CY/-%D@
$G3P4.
M0,%U9K;K8I^MU%^(9/T@O\:/$5 IG\0!E*2IQ4FJSP.PAAS?\3DD2R8%?^#
M?8\89?A$B[-
U&[)#Z0Q$W_(F:LR]V('.9'\9HP/)$^/R]!V^+;@H.6^S+0G


(Y0\7B21*1.M%BY
M09D*Y!%8R 2@V#]9M*
X-E


)&&N5.R&Z;#4.XD@I'ZF&W%)K8

J74 UY

S#6
1\N*Q%
;'68JCI;V/G$?_\^]_B4+FW[=G[S_Q-
M'6]\!:

-
ZAC+LME7%;+<MI3W4&_OCJFVC%Z_T8*E



=S(S:(ZS##WBL



M8L
X (




^BJP\:PV3:.[@IK%2W\&/^=L$:6B#ET= 


03W2

 03Q8
*;W!&P*7!E+$S@UQ(JLJ 8'

M?I[3R9HGF


!YAYE#Z)IX[M
BQ
M]5


0-%@*WU5X4TP2/(N=+0F




M#J-=3&CT)R#[

W'C-.BT




&#5)235VKJT

'7KA7H]WL)ZU+;$456&6S^R
0PV\0
F1?;WZFD+FFRL


M:=NZR5]EVK&7XU!7706H$3_J%7DK*W)LB;%]450E
58T5?UE929N



[AP$

@@5CV9?]WR3[SA?U#K@2

I

M@;

M@)A[KU':O?B 7WGOZ1+!TC
E=/[+WFO9WQ-[ZKC/[^?NE+Q(O\-_?[JZ'4A:



MHH=CL&)!ABWD
NQ-JFGJ2K&V*LXA%=4


K

M





M+A%^GS.L^;



ME&AK8?.-[
%P#W8D/=DA=N&84J
+_\FC#A=W^&7 F#1ETSL6A'A4X.Q(7=\.

M:O.18QD
8=_?!^P^-WRN?0FV'\%/^-B@.\*'[[=?^CTW*FL=HT]9*]=(+
E+

?1'(N*37( LX;



XM!2ST6LJ
MG8;94%3=M-KF4-6






+%2Q9O@*QX
/ I2?R&V=X@BNV8E?VK^_:0



V?NCOQ*7BA=#A!C#
MM/] NF=2@KG\F5-JX#VXOG3KQNP*!KE[@E\DKN=0

M2ELH7]\%Y=1%[QF
P'/T\T&N8%+P^N\NU@YXSU+3_ 6?P:$6?BE-[ AFQ_R4


:()8W'I

$7_K4?FD.U3ZG=6QEEI\]4-6U?-VUFIR




M5^

MVI2VN9C-=QZSJ4JZW:'F=FJ!L.E]4F5C$R[UQA$
B%=E/6Z2Q#B? 'D[FC G








;=CUMO:%#H_

@RD.G\04:_L\'M@A1JBC+RR\G=CA(;+J^EW+L :#
MKF+US:9B:$9?@8]5Q5 '_7ZKJ^F]3N/H.(
+X&%%YWA^8O*6%K84)=.I'3ZC
MCF0#;96

MGOWV O[7OCZ_Q%=?')B7ZU1(Y+5%L9+])8XIZ#!AFZ9;PS] (AR^\A^X%)

BD)-@V-FG'J@E#7[RQ







MNT13;FLG@ZH[I]MSP]-.[HOC7YT[U[@TC8
@7U9QJ8T3E5^?I'+I9(78=4^R

)H!X!,&*IJVS+-CM+OZBW%:!D=I=,S6TJKWV[W6EW+' Z'/X1,F-KA
M@^LKH+B]MW#STK_YEK^G_1S#A)7(_9N]UXJ_Q_;4]9[?+ZAIV5Y^#/P')6;A
M%'%58UQRY$9QA#A7<1F-\P74@M);$:@-$^U^+.8YBNXB 
6O!)?H&G-(=LN
ME(+FP 79/UZDRB()5]6$YG?W_!'

M*BZPG

MK(


40XLF[@R??B?S;H





MG!






1E^9WE)/Q&A9H(.NEE9V7


(1MK\@FJIZMMNT9+
M-AI;8\%?//:I@#


MV@W9XP8O9KAP



]NCQ-

MW_X+N4O[^OQDK][*X?\JKIV#.JRL_[^0;*+Z_0@TJ6X!_-8\?7RGU*NFNI.7


MEA

8#KS@F?&YL)LQY?_6X4 2FV^














Q
M6LV6TNF;/44?=/O];J?5ZW6-'SJMIW;X -8+7$;ON1\X_8!O]WO:2PI$1.[?



M'+_7KE05O0X41G-]![;FO9)]N
5I67 @MV3TD+:.[AO84H/296.-_K0(\;XG

M/9SQ@=
Y5W-';






7K7N^N:AA$?LA]D/LA[!
CN'52 


EMPP3];SH.YZE*@2$SLB=D3LR(&S93;(=UF7
M/#EBF@F?S;
M]A*&*(*#*'81S
@9VF[(/T6XP?OXVH_B


M5:4];%A*LVM8O6&CJ3;;:M52::)D.K5#]V_&DVE&*3V1'Q/&46F D/Q/&(*E
MY$7]

?-*F%?G8%[E.\.O:KQLEBZ:TC6SL#<B;?74<SYOPVC#
MA
\O+WN9,?PZ8/K8S$GVDVH(=7&=]0F^V:(*MO#2@LFWHM:Q&J=@-LFB7-

\1?71^DD7*.^RJ*XGD?A8EIOM(R30;)?\#71

R2R
M% =26KG ;TR@2.1&<0HRH_FZ3NB@F&S%)OF%HVHS-.EV!S\U2+%1J38B!2;





[I ^\.NB_+FO@7XD=QBSTGF$DVQ^YMG?M


7D@Q?K KX
P


62#%ORRN]-
MJFGJ6K&VSK$BS:L9TDJ-+_W(8^.82(O.$]1989H.;


EL'
MD0;56RMFO%LB$TIDO+\NBJZ#+G A$D]KRU:[)GK/KFLU96
-_-W9+55KR(8J

MK9-!U?-V3*I7C7-?H'40

M:YJ6B73P*C/ V=/GU.GR^\U[+R74+^;=+^;EITG5FJK^
G=W_.A:6KAHTF$P

M7[&=^#[)\:PN\-T1K=*')1[%EQMS 8O]:O8H-W$NHX5-W;#K[/F!^Q0_6G


[CH8Q?P%F
M![#HNI?FU2]K$.NS]#
:WN
_


M)-/5%22S!


.ZX'8H^-1;JW!
MAEM\=

+0


$H&9GW2!UY#
M^]


IXM0?AWMZ KZ
M8DY/ADKX5TY/!N$S.;GQ-$S5AD*1*.D*)PG([ZINZ^;5UD47OQQZNF*!IUR@


M [ZYOC/&%

M%0R-6(A0@21J9D'DUK










F#=?$


MP;HW-WX^5!9;L]L?:(U!3VEVX7'#PRVAM68:Q!JV7!D_WFL;/8U'4%:FXD
MV6E#[6=
:(N04%) E)+LE%)Y1R5
6(


*G
M@^\L'+G1XL=?0G?$!-G6DNV&36T7.S
O?-X#/2%$*'+;6_CFCH738HFN7_P;

M&^Z.XS9#/^-

GG5\9

%SLGT
MVJ?[.TMFJ)U9UI#5

M95+;5CRMJZ#ZM^TE-$3'=_Z5 $''SZ[_T!F-@L2/H[X;C;P@2L)#E$YU&T:_
M-33;RM#0!XK1[^A*IS4PE+;6;K=






$:
M+6-KITX]8EN&?



ME!345EW C_:0@MINU




M]8A-'2S9^1+4:I&



M!

JV;%Z



V_/=[!
Z4M0JT4FE]@1L2-B1\2.

M
'YV_8=.FG75=Z.1%T1)R.[8][CK!:
__PF#2O\G'X@]3)D?W[!9$

M*$;/_+_S1Z11X
?PQPT;__?/+/#^^#+0M(;:4!1%:VJJ\O^ 8M8?MW?]/W3+
M^ 

P


MP@ AF]KP ?PD9N$TDF!Z








;:@KG?Z@H9C=




M
[H.[08@&;^XFO/V?'QC:

U[\:1]NU86/AK8;


8?&?AR(U8=.U_8:$;
3UI7K,G?%!0[Z]]3,]Q
M']D7S_8C#K.Z/R&N-AK:L&DVE%YW -0R.WVEV^M;2K/9UWO]EFZ ;*\&D_:

'


MZN^O


T4 87_9O1LB6;L

M%?A!
;DD(I3;4ZBZ]FPFV0!QXP0_KD# XP_F0:.
R3WN:_ET(W^E
98S&^
MB]ET


M8P1'$+)1\.##[CO(W3#8LQ2



M*V=:D ILZ'IQ[ AYTEQK W@V3Z5W0#0W:R6T;.L0'SI#C-!BRHD\03F%^-


M:NA  2)%2HJQSR%JI:'K1^ZHT!I!ZX
1N&(;(1(4F:@.J5S%@R

M!&#3 4@FL)HVYS(!TW3J=


MP)S]S?8=# !T?(? D:A3*;ZL%V GTJ/&




D?/-3



[]O]\^?P2^NV^:'^0!O_Z


PN:R;+/#;BI7]8
M[A=$+.UJ&Z#+B_QT^*N4!6$



4^ ;%X.U@\O.6@F6^B/C3$)I
M!.^Q73_].7NDE_@TXA1;7
CF#:8L1KHB%Z2( QS#1.D^BO_5$0SH*0P@I7

..(!3S.2$&U.)
Q((PQ;V
]  _N
G:597





M?SZ67O+YYLMO

 :

MWH



G



MY)'KE/CK5




M+4_<ZR;Z1[V%7\(_'''@CH
M4/J3A3[SX
'MA KW1(WAM&#D+(W:33X.8N 7B!;W'3PE&&RS^

M%Z1%ZL



]%LT
#[&+
M;:RF0@\&S[C _*UXG'BY-TQ.O2&%-
Y%C5
$IJ-T/J1 +XOJU ^3O6KN3:D;



&


IL4UY?77'BO#S+A
Z-+.<K2Q2
MY#U?24

#
M

M!UG-:9XJ':U2% 5]Z3P
P'_(HWKH9G[@ZW?G^0O=Y\B/T1QAIS8H7;
DC- 5
M 4^11DM

G)8:5%Y:U0$<;Q&!S80K,!'OVV/#_B!&@/.C/D*G&X*
M+G

M.XJ3B*%#QG/'Z#UVT!)'O!AT&H?X-V:Q)#[9TC9W/*
Y;

J:)8\@%E



=X<2W
7T
\FP
MKK325?^25V;]99^Y7PA7+L^)6GC'


JE

M.$W!3E+X$PF1


E9(3GBC@X
MA!O*





M4S75))7 'A$:K5

 43NGN 761R/[EXO&-%-

QHNED@US!I'(4'^]9:IJ_9+?CPB^Q!R \?\^8



MT[:TFL47IMM'K3!6@R@#IL'\_*?]C^(_&\]2AD*I_%&3_F%=^9JO\#-N:V

[QVCM.D7Q&_Z\U/Q=D@A$\.G4J?

)W@A)1ER[R,T5^IBA,KT=UNA




MMXK)C$UOI2J;RJ I-$YFVYS!&11HO;O'@RZ@Y5Q+M)R[B+C?V85EO+PFSPVE

76V;[Z1K']Z=%/!=HO[N[.OO.DD\4(WMJE/Z4/B.E0)Y491@CVV
F;=+H8TXG-4_G!]QDXO;65.D
M?\$N4&FLRS$Z))LW&.8<G;9CIF*L$15Q G_A<8@YFL09]/!X@@DF*1ENX3
MI&-ZG%PFO4OBL4:BO1Y23+Q&F-@+5_Z:S7_H=CD''@E#8&IV'<8T6/RPN^1



-[(I 1H)WSCHG\FX)#REXPC1F614
M(AVZ4U'YC5+---?FLL]AE)G]S#\NX.0S4/*Y2Y._CI9(T*D)+ 0)6A94T

<'ABC!%A(C92Q.EB)

4 6 7MIV*





N-WLT2;LL)+/ 7XIE2DO!'YE'



MM3SB/X%I\3B
[0''\D1$S!  ^KB!DUT84OP\PV03#Y/[0/92/P+J&H3=!!#9


%8/Y9D2;IE*]H:@:0
TJZ
M=(QHE38/AR=.Y2/QKC




M7 YVQ? 3'KC&_PV99_.\TE2=2]E-#,3+W9G'C8_@U6Z]PE)0K2X?.8)70Q


K[ZR 
)R:=SG$:(6W.4/(EOLO;H3W85.;D

9M0



MZK5N6K_0P*:64W%E#O2Z=.9T

W<\7UL#I\Z4
NO7.G32INMDV.
/U-
MFW//[Q
Y^G)?9.HC*RVQM!J


^&WA9X'-K8/ B%=GB9IL6@?)@Z_2$M7#+%&

'W?O72G%9X
MX(L

MNN]6'HA3^'&;LM5J'

TK
('SR9^^3GV
$I\0(
MJ8N\*.9




M$?LB]D5X[(7'_L7\^3@8_:ET0.GAS

M

=\I@++?\?G0H=:TU

H]4$


M&Z:][
.BR17*%)!!O%
12I6T)QJ7Z-EX;BDPGE\ XX00O/$A1+R#%U!/%[JS
M'M.(/W4:*'JS\=X$'
@.Q?#8]4&?P/8Y40S2ERL;J61

M([PCW%4




.&J0 MMH0+EY 5/3I+)@?E39&(

:1EC#WHB57$QR



IMKO(W10N#5-/#K@QA
M!$





IE2


M(

!M%#:40)3
M6 5-1/LOH!;.'FIA ?MU-



SG!S




MX2WQ
T?=S%Z.4
'Y!'(DS.)U*P; GY7I]Y1C/@$KC
(@BI20I0!1^-L
!05.

/1JEGN ? D#


VLY^YS1/:L+@15526

]D::'-PJ4'*;(D
?B)IZS/TIP@AR#_J\$
M=I#'Y+@<2N/V?-!47:<$-N=_DBBFMV?]4F##[%&Z_?2%-L][ZB6RT*@K#OS
MP(B'O7:GB+P.1][DGKY$LJ@V+REU)L%.&QJ$0)Z?DG+!R&;&4JXWBB#;=H
M6]SF1XYIN (GNT#)YM,.)$AI^67T5V3+'O.3PL[TVG=(AG@?DISBF;



FS8UB6<+P]XZH_Z#(IRNB.L)D<=G)J:H(%E'M
M9S+3?FQ7]=N?
K$;;IDT #*3,^O?\^Y%P12$(+$DATS&19$LL]RSW;/4N0
M@

M+NP^?$I#F

3QK

MV53-!V0D

^0$ZEY2+
X^2
MYFJFG[K0._X7J#S/S?$_DNX4Z^E..F:&NYZ7C_Q !T9E/^RCPS11YD3^'ZOT
M)'/5WG)1?5L\R8 UV-YC

M%B?)XK4_Y.

-\7?
W



8

MI8$!HF3

N*!)Z4^AA/(3@WN+D#*FRR+(Y1U18:E1;C

GSF=NTA-U8A


J
M_5=J[KA!
*.TVQ.)['Q-$


MC%Q
VH]GCVC0LEE(X0Q-O31=Q]L 9IX@5@0T W-W$W\-]QW+Q)^SRXN+ GE^
MGD
GV-/CP%X
7[08WC+-87Y4]N:QXS+J)-)CR#ZQX;PYA68V4!]#;4A;J]OG
M-11U\J84AP^#^Q%XR2@;/X7C_.@]/Y59/F;!/
^YRU+*5\B459[YFQZU^/EL



M(6C8&I=53





C%
M8G[
0O5@NDY3WZP _^@
M&*\XW'$'E)-0V/I95D7J;^&$Z3000)@-M_M+%%]816L1#(=)C]B6-O' UM#
M^ZT]



2^18:\0 NUUU+EG#&/J
M8L
^:68RU*U2/O8;48 4J^!C5



V;S1-(J%YSN
THL'.
MIAZCT$6GAA8'




M)&&I50*-=-.1

^A.YF'G!=T71YX07@FZ


4@6#=X[

M^V*AN09C?F#1
3




E/K62AN^P5F1&+4)
8;+2]B5IC

M6Q2CM%I_L1G/J@4O%CEF!P.%J/\




%$DF7B

MV2@GP=4_J_FR&5%\8C7UQ7:H6H[,9^SH?U$2+:AD)',$!4S]@ZCK;GB+:%
MFE!]Z+*

U'2@

O_V^AA.#FA+*IMB(K.F8(D<!)1)<[D'8'3+
D1)572%$%E
2\!QI8[@OT YP?7P@S$#-95V<6LCC<7=:;P)WCTL
M\2[M$O+N-W5W

4
M

M/&=(1.0$1U)
715L5=

MF-1W_2&;=9D.*LU&.Z);D^?Y%#)\2F74V?D^#5C2_@0K[DKRMG/SJIG*HOO

MU

.=:@/-OEKGOM LYY80*/0N33UXE#&9SE]K


M-/NJ(6+(^


M.


)/

M8DG/Z3L*S]


I&O
M0)G2HVP=E\D5*)

MML['H?






M/V
KB

E_KSJY&-[%$
^TRTDX06\KC








G[ QOY5AYP:LM#-C
/[


&GH J:I4DIPJ&R$F


J'VK/-0U1QNK3D/DTY5:G/.K^RJ/G?/O
]JU9/Z\Q


^W\;



M7AW/IM
P2N ICY&+)C7^.IZ-$IISB($?0&


SA6P!5[1G0X1O@A?$WF2TVOC*_P

MW

!+=G$2 6H/*F&$EZ
M\@,_!G0/GL-PS() ,;P%^^OLJ@6/A!#2?(<C#I_;HU5824X!$+J4VE(%0?
M9.J#3-U\=1]DZH-,[459'V3J@TS=S*M


P5M
MR
FJI B.3&1;-D\8;7IX\=*X#)I=+% R]A+7G\0TJN.F*
0DHZ\
B: Z4RRB


M ?+?!5N0G_+(Q3S

D
9Y'[]+@=KV
+7XXL!.-\=@:4\
@W&^M/ I
M_[N)'=$']-8&].;46@KH5X7PC]IY\U37]6ONU]RXV.B4D)@[XC1] $
/R=-L
M




]:]:WYXVCF92-1&AA4=%M!^



WT9&@-

[
?P7<<RL1K*
MHN[MN3-.0257NMB1@YB]096O1/E8/V)2%?B[L,(.B;X&LNC[LV_RTQ![8S




_G

MMCF'=RQ.
@V9

W1$**@^9\ 4I?(N0$?GCQ!H&7



]X\-XH';@3WQW A
D_\88F'

YZZ(R#(K^]X]GGJ

H[$7X54+YN*BC$GO5]0?:]N$\WM6
MWW*H[R_QU37

M=H^R4EW)





(#A
 B+U=!(S8 :S&OB
P4L8RBF

K;.O


PX43XE=)IE1M82Q2E7TV\IX2B&%T]M 9A
MF6


CV[N[Y';P9)=HKRO]OYK
$='F+\ZE'



.O/6].)S6R'%L'7B#CK-7GQ







M&J?:X8S3N4#_?/


B6E%0VP9$]-/-3NY9]M/-VK'5
ME@'LIYOUT\WZZ6;'#AD=C_G[Z69]

MK





O2ASPGB8K&28(
\EN5




M?2U\(@/X/^O:SDC+0.N*.B05)532RB09:D)M @(AI$B@9Q&S10'EJZ[)/[

*&A-@@B V2:;
Z



M'


VQ' /@5
M@3


Y873G!=XW=Y*Z2UGD;!\GIX2!I?Y X
=+HLISCCP$#Y$(X
B#^.0


YG1BB;*N6(\H$



FS=W@^ED%@\&XGN9_Q%;H0W<()B]#L)H(+T7Y!]7H6<]J%LPSOY8
MT119XW?T@VIA3J3B!#0(X<7Z'',\69DA8 _@%)25(N%X?0<7R/V.'D,62K'

C:1I$

A
MBB*51$ - )ONF8J(4'@-$*'(\
4Z4Z+*6:C5036/BGMDU4&X99U555:@!F

_0&=1;QO

*L(LT+WL[R%W
[4&_P/D'R
MACHM,0*: #%%6_/V'N:33[Z3WO9KXJDB-_IX; J%0]VP*2M:)/M#4BI;
M:;8*FEI71
[0=(53!-!)LB

!
^
\OT8





+/
IOXF@9V]H%V-Z05F!6YM W\):8H.S3&



9-\+.SJA



M1A



M2K6R^3#LA] 8CWTV ?L6W/;KP'*G?N).J-!\+.N0.^]_9G[L)]Z]%WWU1VG1



2?


MUE+-(? 3BE[7_UQUXPCM-()*I(G
EZ !Q*JJ(UC$
%_^$%[=UOLB*5:Z56



GD_ ;;2H&AOV=%X



MPYPD\_+.(:

CEGLE+:R_!!E@9X2EZ




C9DG:=WKH1MB%-
[RJ8Q7#'\= $/+&885



Q1)X0!KLBXY/!%M!ZTA



M!V)FH*Q&0-J1$C
OK+R2E#A1T 
1^!&LF(ZP
7;U%DI)L;6@V5BLO3#N P^T


/@326MW/2@Y3=HD

MBHX. ^W!D[:/'SVG4U\$25O
%JB7I5T^FK#Q5.-(H=V*PO2ZP4V
D;Q7M (S
M5
-11T#@N4 P\B=






M*-L/B;[#


)W%A:H((=@A8:M*B$[
!D!+4
MZ5G'36#[\32
?18W

M



M%B!5U7V(*.:Y+CO_K%J_H'N'WX%[PF@
2@9


MU@5M &Y



M6*T7;MVWUFHXPB/CDXU&3@F63:#?1A[.R
B2:%*\9;VD6FSTZ%A;O@$7=8 K



VMF0YB#?

MB+PH(Y:67HL=*L[).L


<A9*J'(5#E3L!V.#'59LHAE@!F1GNOR?/U6


MFKPA*]$.@O#M]'6[6=='C/V!!8WG'UHEU)N!*B&CP!KW[L3#FMA.84
O#Y/=
M J+5J

-A1(E%T:37
T4YX_F1X /(/)CEQ8RW
ZB


5UUR&;$47808\&?M[R2U(KWOB&P^V9$?
[7)C$UP'S7QOI4;VBZ
AP
M1



MY[#





^_/?WY)O+'Q%7SS9^_S
M[/71BS H3=M$45D:W\R2. ']?YC00ZWI(W6[(\BH'$11T(7U-0M86I\?M
A


M*T33$M\=JCO8084MFI9PDZBK\D9A6PT10\9_'N/X0\9(MA_30CYLW(/=0$9I
'R1C

ZLM0FJ05&

M%&U'=+BA+H$5)FHRIYN6R6FJ-A#HCJRI+B$/(^!WWMT@L@EG1+%@L#QV8$





M*H8@VQS8T28'+&=PA@

MB ;:6+HX &$S&IA;4K[LD_N?

M)G/7JP:



M6P;KAPPM^&CP)E$

\


 _G)F-V
M?F.C'Q1MDP:M4\3(OY(6Y:?5AY,:?90XG5,K=P^Z6J.)S!\X@9QQA*LJ'P



HAP1)5!
M$X^%EJB


MFB!A8$J1U&
$IHX!#GH9;'3G$55&\VAEZ'(LG(*G=$\=#0R)0BZV := 5[5
M\72&T:=L0/DNXK2-#)%Q)/HC*

R?(I=

XX!#I;7BZ)R

 2E6&LL:=.IC*

Y51*G(ZN

MJHP4!/JZ+4@-\/M7I#XR5OZ3ZC6$[\)]^+!O'HQ7OU?GWWDB33#S___.W;

\+3_YEFD\CH9_CQ(T2&_N9



MKW[@QTE$XV/I(8+HZHHR1I+]%$UD89:B$Z3!_#0N9U4ML( YW1';,L'_]E

'IY=:-2R*RJD&



*
&]DLQ]&=6YTK4OHSI?ZO9E5.=(7<P:
ME*GJ554%/^N*HM'/O-+2U)=YY/MW+WR.W.F+/W(GC,4A-';AS_N]P\J@):^


HP_7'WN1

RGWR$
M-\=)RBT]IU!.$15=ZB5*F5.&;C3Q+YI7^I8T9T3(OB7-&=.V;TESJ61O:2;=
M&;2D:3?E^Y8T9T;/OB7-N1*X;TES1I3L6])TEX \MJ1114WD6QH76^PP4RIB


MJ4ZGJ\
[Q5GME0K=XZQ+EEE8&B5)9R2SYJG[WHL_FFQLE]:+I(
Q3L=%TC$9
MYZ(E#N;


7

G/GPU.Y%S_'8IPS$3_'8)P+
ME3C][)!.$ZZ?'=(YFO6S0[I.OWYV2*?)U\\.Z1S-^MDAW:-9/SND.R3K9X=T
MB%B2RO?!4T5%
*ZV:A$2S^WM%;\9HKIL]?!V /+\2&\CN.9%\6L;(7]6\R\

M^;UKV*JE^;X=82MC


^A5'R[#Y[&1^

M\@RIV@^#[+




M@[]Y(%O?T&!?@L(VX_7-!&67B7R#!)5Y*2.HIA


M5ZF''*5IY

Y\\N:
M0HY

M:^ _SN+&CQJ1./HF&LXO:YZ&:7!0%04@8C=H6@H6YEFB-$AHNK$W9NU[#Z4]




P$Z%MY]L*1X0FS[=YC==;
5\BAQE'$^AT;$13
M

HX[
MO._S[-6+W3


Y\8


MC5_^\;@
O7O
.(GHQX/CPZ
##U
YQZ=

MHOP/WNNCXY\&1S\/7I]



BN+@4






&@2GD4$AB  ^\



'O@U#0C#?NPRP:_+

MG(J5F(]H?.I+5R&A\UMA Y\(#OP8GX6BO\T!H;4H.R*D6X=P/XQXPC# 8RW5


WM?Z5L3POIQMY55SZ/EDL3RIQ@GQ4H&YJF8


2V6OCUD6%A)4@YV#)QO67;306R
M#T4,W)?+51@]87R&J5 ZEE^.\T2@OD[_0T'6RK
T]+Z+[NU_6]A_TM:2FZ*


L.86-;%(C=.P&K$+N!#;_;


PN]0B/DG\NC8Y]L$V$UM./*T+$]654KS
):N5.G&V).7

M]ZB:]


+V-
MWVYAPQM8C._IS;OO0!^GSGVK&+NQ#7=?/NBG-_7S1_\X&+^18#L







EK!
^
+Q+ EOQ%J2CV9B
KG8J4#H88?%Y_)60%XX 3
MM%QEV_%ENE*WXBM3P%

=@ZS]=SV-Q9QL1H6




M
+@5(PS:(YE

K!TL6

MUX?_Y/$ +13L73@8V!NXB8&+A_2*-BN^
TWMP&LWNK$#89[Q





SQ'
?Z$XH01






M1'W1]-



X$ABUB4-*
5O#CU8W(O/DD'3%C%V*%A1C)N


MLIP'*1:9;#556X7DIF3 GK+V4-\3U
=W7]KT@WEV.[S


Q0WE:[^+\JB+U=X^(W2BWEJL-J,5 3^;61J

7I_1;G;#7UN1NKTW^[[-OLY5]^;H^!L\JF/S$BZ[P0U/



M[PU'Y]:9BY#96[6)57-WO
DKWL[S-[S!-#!;OFZEW(3 +D7;\6)X2&O=7%=8
GP%CW!*9I)5*1K*9M4NUX

R

TIY)_UH=KS]'XB2;0)JEV)M:/*\$!77!A;
M=NJY].G(C62*6NU#NO;CQ1Q#ZT&T++?^JOLE*WL*8!JM?T*V(D2OAI&$8/







[L7CA_]A7

FHHGR(\_'L0L@?F-I%K)(+^)


40C&B@? 44J_LHG7T



MS);BT[A;B*$




SA*A
M;.:ZNXK8191

M9ETN


ZP)#


D4?X!7X?:42XW?!:

0ZE +/-ZN1JVHS]!2PL91(W.PG]UC'&\(8:MAZ

;$TSK8^('MHE

T8\6U
M7$LYW6R3-#P=/-H83#G!5&\!Z7R792U0AZN3]2UT-%\C&1^)F9SZEM332MW)
M^A65'*DPT4\HCC$K
Z2=O%



M6ZB C4Q7J.$9N6Q9LZ?JZ.


UAHG1


+.3
M=6WA=:O2T#Y!=((

M5CJJ:U%W;5JTOBIMX]8]F:





79CS1B#<X#(\^L\6'+[XI%
MRQNTXN SS0[PWL5(E(NALUD2=6UO_CO=;S$O8=.UH@4J'1




!M;'LT%-)&KK4#=:-S





M&8LYUS3R83R0]T#1
@YN0?#0V7).

S3:#L/670$T%,;=CL5LVAON2,Q29V
M[/#B ,V6/Q%,Z1U3GX-$0@,]R9_IB*IF41]21IM%T)\+HS:-(RBZ1]=#'M=
M*OGU2T04A_\:

M\/]GRP0VFYBP;01^O
7A:H'(^@H]*E^FAQ

MNC!@V%U

MG2N$ 

 XK
@WP\\XO&3.

M]F'I\1[8;9VZ^^:^78X#-[=J\3*S#?MAXD;^
PR#6M2M/8\

;\(YP;]ROYJ4HMEC
MX*_D73[T[5





M'4B$










M#A3LP3R[[H5_F+A[AI


M5D
-H<?#KS$/DK*LKY-)W95T\#CW<F[F:*6(#AIO
MX0C<0!O_20M-Y:F]:3M12+51B'
N'U'IVZRZZMIQM(NR R17.5-H6M'J2^K
MA^J0!85.0LEW\;FFJ!::2X[
7$_EIT



M3/+Q^/S-V?=G9\='+SR%'_\;_MH0'Q
8[X_';X^/8@K$X4URXV
JNG:1F8
]
M_\%FL

6O#(KY-KY5P2^

7&-]]11B%SH
%]._L@5YCC2\#KS/-Y#C?6K1+B^.LW9%@
M





M\


MY5VUM!ANC/H4,M&Q]-R3TO&+/=;0K,XEI'H,*4(B&[3$!.51\1&]?@7.
M@I $
4.V-[!8N1$1:L+Z!?I6-V&$X.#0_!278_Z. ATIA,M-3&WHM\OK8?R
MA&WMZVJWE Y*07 6TZ:!SFH9+53-I9
8C8E&2GMG&TNK^454T9*2D03G_?+

6&)TW@&\ X5
M1&F7)O%0(


VSLGL\L;D;C6V0 ?RAX55$AY[7''

:(Z][-SZYJBVJA&7'=


8A?RU\A)6D&4U



M;;E(+5W./)NZ5+&



^7IY@ <UV$/'X_6XG


&_GI]2LBKD]1TRNI[GIZHM]O\G4M
M

MH(AIPAJWE4'&%3%-^+AF9:P\.6?4G:!I31J

M=8M1Q*33\)+

MAZ55.5U&Y]F^/[&=J5W&GV1E-^6&)[FB/+/FD: Y#QSAX.D&F
8$W?NKD#^P



#+4\U$





D8U#I.W1V5/
RUA
MF9+NMU

#&M(A=5K(Y)?[_=$E
MU0S#TBSW.RII%2!B@

M2QV/A#%U7.:1NS79(8^9?*/4Y%O^?[_]JB%1;=8HLRF#*G#_!&/(_@\;Y2/+


%O3)B=(P=TD@O



MOV&SZ#-

M;N]QZ:BK







5K&09:[LG$G4=^?$:/-HD$G
M

\*X15('8
'&&56&EB/8B9JM01
/HF42U+=BNO M3SYYO(DCV81=]7NRA3/H6
F$/YM$W

(+)

M34]W,G4B-VOFN;#1YEH]=C*VQNP8S]O4K?G


MT32'\*.Z?+\2#7
(0UIV*CL#Q*ED3]


4-@*;E

M@PT3QI!GVL8H44XE#
A\+ Q129J(TC$.N[ XF.Y#8?JR.KDDZ&*KW#YLY5+'
M



VSB3?T0 /I.P.H8
M ^J1HM]B%EKSF5M&C9-@GW&$Z +GS.-I@+D5]]Y?A7S+:-TJL!<FP.W6225

MRW#&]X%@]%B(W&Y8M/L=L?H,:KSKX?IH]%%]E&\[QL7R\;MNU9CT0&#T2
M-99XTUG?1K+1OZN.-IO#.Q9!0

$%     @ 5X(72R]S.1
3.@  J*\# !4   !J8G-S
M+3(P




MUOS#N__Y?#MWUGB#SHD?1D!-I2/[6%/7#S_]]-

M

M\?*

GWF ?

J ;3O6;
_;=A_N;G'RRP1$E+V^QNT+T//#ATY@OORA=LN]8


M;K .N



M#C?C4Q2NK[W@.;SQ74*Q$PUW(*L.90JCMOGM

%84SQG*Q\..(=



M2Q.9QV+K%%&Z@__^%7DQF]QK1C_=[9-X+*)*;M&X(^W@;]:8+JYQ(^#;]/^
MA!V+=9\1_8K9#T# Q'VTX.$\%_IQH!I=P+J8O?&GV//*_UA:
[UINMH)]V:

M-\PLB]B=P)I'*\R5H' 61\SJQPY5N/!AU3
-*&;=0%@F#D-O!AZ72'JPZ_A
M'::\Y]\U$SMT39OO-D@NILM)_SRX@! 6KRC*@+=Y_CQ7R7--@D]#-Q=#9

6C6U\@A'C
C#:3;

9F



TX+H0]A.]/=?2[[''C-^+8


GP$YN :SD7;=<CCP,T-0;S-;,O^,'$B\@33,QJZ<A'

F3XF=+&LP6Z8]
[#!.%\N@-Z?Z6 
#+(*&OG__
MX2O[:2!T#0
-#(W?#O=!'.$[%O\8^)G%0

@&G:X1B
_A

%-WF
*)Q^MT$8WC$'




/AY_)2R$

@)L(
?


?;:7DU)UGCHLT8ZI&G

M)'W^ &HLYM1PVLK!- W-M3R^(O];*0)AR*6D.+ =^ =;()V&'WP'[46E#'J2



[%!#CVX7OV#W9X?7_^_D/Z#
]_P$^_3V!HEPU_[:%5

6
M:I\6([A



MV-P(M5Q:4Z

)A.

9FQZ+N


 /NE?)*KSF!#5#0V(3Y
B
EJ;C/




L'CO!JFF*.5)B9H

M7=#G?LV:*?E[OMMF]N:PW5ZHQOZ&
&A8]!R9F $5:[,B-38W07JIRG5E

BH]M:P[5:]G2V
SW!50(SOE6SI9A4.LF4N[V(:A
M15A5ZFHTSU&WE7(8DZ8(23DENZ,6/'4M/4R@R1[)2\0M3G+JQRZ
*2.$0

M5D-#+;++KWA-' \WNJ$:&IC+Z&R6Y\LQF8)XCSPL\Z-]H=/JX-2$@P*K?6'3
N+L
MYD2VN<I/P:(
OML+K;0#^E^5H?-A1;Z(52(GK6YY$(_T&VN?)M++_0]FV4H







M2%]]@)I]@-T

$C'4&1#




MX:)



N_&X-1]\](W4
32!._1!U[)PAM&'VRU9X8_G< JL4?G=**I

@KE#8;,WE
MJ49%KULOB0A4^MCBN<$#G9V;/E1Z90+/




$#AF99G?30U'2'-AG9I




\4T9\-WI

M'TX'KJK5





MIY/T
(/@I3T'L-+F%#


)TVIRT=)A(4T23]I I








JX)R
MR@I*VZ5H7B95



ME-0RACB

8^(%L56^
!C
I&38E902S.C-)HR5)B



MQ=5B:^KT#5
HLU.SI?9N8U



\HBMD!=2D.
MI)%T
$\_+ 
2N
2Y0[N-V%(H[V

\+ C_[



7 7_P!10;1)OW



&ABE.

N^Q$_CL

MX_R/W#EC&91+O
248A?^([&]3GSWEB2/]!#[.*\Y1R?$SMM5\/0NC+:4^=(_


M]E
^


M3 =TC8X+FS
_.F!K


JM)YJXSU:\#VN(!GRMVTTE?]]LR?16M
/Z
H

6


D1

MY\4T]






M-GC&-/D7V9!NI[NF(4?/PX?M]M@\W!_22
UE$C$SRPUHMD_$C:5US9O;6D'U

+8

MLV]L3A

I WDO!Z6]%



G[%[#LLD:Y&[:T2 '/6!TL[6O$L*LY].
MIP],VX&%/0*7+):\V'6Q71K^:W55C[]5K
W2%Y_N^U9%^-4GM



O=*T-837M4B!PSKNYF]-K4<#/QBTR6#


R(_H\A9$W]5^7MC'3X-'QP7_MF2_U$[&[+O:GWSJ#S.-:%A


S;*]2
47+)3(YT9*:HPZ&.Q1#5)OK5P@R5E+
QY*P?A+Q9S1O9
=!@(8!M'#3M<.,C;]J\5XYJJLC]<

[U_'7:UH%HK

MK&H.#?[ + $WA3)[]
BJY'^WBFIKXN+W+$+)?#


MR#9'BACBF5QQ


M&3J+!

PC#=)-9Y%


QO+1KRS%9LX8?V'W2#XXT1NTQZX

M:[8+GS#S;N;I&ZTMQX'GGE4:#D.R)$[RX




VU;TMB]LX
M[)M&'@F*@YVM.V)0:'LB29I'W,6'*G45S94:5.!QN#&X(K$O5G#)XS[2RI

&

M1N)F=A1!5
0!)Q(+J


M)F%:I!ZMX.^?*$B$O)&65Q8GWB;PW6;79D
#+4D/4Q2N\3.+T0+DV/T21Y+Q
MQ8VUT)((X@FSQ40TM-+SJAM&OA1]M8&F

M'8R4)$\(F&7ZL:S





MM^Q#76RH7D!+W2W$)C-Z*G6U#U-+L3#%SF9Q-8D8ZN\ =_^.S6AE ?/=OF%.


*N
AY_!CB/V

ZR82Z1@Y_$URBN38T-*&W



M8T'R\F[AG*Q\7NP/M*5GPH\XA#HD;V;9S!NY%#2LQ]&#(&?+78N/'97@#M
MN12A9?6BD1%L
9\_!8'[3#R6O'_C1WE$*8#\-#KL7^&P2+Y^(2/T9C8?IM
MX*\6F&X8S2.DU.)5D)6]?1G+4I 1;#&?I\%F0WA=9Q;/.PWX%8E]=D&.A?/=
M(%@\%_
(Z%L''DB\85+PE[4=RS04=%;?#4]+Q[)T@I!;TRY0B'
_P4ECLGFM


ML=WST$:TQ?PNUZ0OEX
?RQ;H0+_%L]!0O=YNMLL(MIC/Q9
 RBF05D_# 7@L

W
#_UY\F
M/X]_ M#?!([KO_SK3U\?S]:/%]?7/_VO__E?_\N__#]G9^#R\R/X/QOHP=.
M(7BR?P1^L'L'-_8S])PX_J_/]L1!&?@-8[WO_[RR_?OWW]VMM$F^'D3['[9









M#_\# ZFD


?_Q*R8(01L$AW$ AE]!O)*C%7[UG_-+.0Z]@6H3^V=?'
MGX#K_.M/KO/7B36UILO5^5^MV=2:CQ=_G?QU\M/_S*6!5!SXE@K\__Z%:B+7

GOAE$R!VW
=GI4^Y#8






M%4O]#+-*ANU3PUQ_XQWP;4(H8=G5-?PO@]?2 P1;\T^1\5!XHA\FTQ%Z
M

MAF4%;[DP
Q+(OM997:Q3C:2FH*M#3ZT_S$#

M%S@2*0AG90$,\LP@MFHLXH K;G!=_QLBO8!B%P@L-SO#UXP$Y?P$FDM9C2

1N&%9_*FOP\[ ZD?USO M1!_H-
.JY]YWJWM]T03T
V+ J*





0*KB  4H1(_
MDNEA 'VI\V(VM_,K*/K2*:A@# =)@%LC#_7UN&8NNHM?87@1[) 9KWBH_@:O
M_4VP@Y@Q*R1+1_+( /+./4H*0V1N+$IA($1[]YMG^P?[8$Z2*MZF&L(4_BA


-)0*)O5(TDU<Y*C;$_P1?T(M_%Z_3:6S-/7;JKJJRAN_
MYXOSQ2P[H$I;0PD62-H#68-DIU'2),AV#=(CD0 WTB[RO==*7+0Q&P'M6W
V/43H
MN\!_C(_I4^!%E:E



&R/D?U 3(VP#E1L WW(PVB [G
-]%#F&PQC
MI*#_@G=B1Z0\V'O39GO6TH)BZF*0/ O)MDX/Q
)B

MU03RJ!_?!90KO]CA[Y!D


)40$_*][GU4/M24%M37UT;QLL7AO4;)NJB_%\)]21
MG=W[T AN?GX)WGYQH(N[SQG^ 8-N5N@UT:_^ND9![^# _^S9+Q7G'_]=06]W
MU*@(?T_3?=2I ( EJ W9O@98? 8,':^-P8'#M=Y&+1E?X93OW?8:$;C_XJ+N
M:1U%,&[<G<!^265.Q]1$9_]

5\D<
MTST

MG\Z$C@!501

M91F4









L/*S A2




M&V2LG?AF;^/K_9+6]!%='W[(::ZS'Z62W*? /T1$ASTFB&X$QR]$%[EQ:\C=


3$+&\0)






M7EQ?:2WWQ1&I:ZUQ2V&H8B[5+8##.0UJ=0[FR^&'-@SZ2P4-ZPI+H0.0

D1?
XM?U#RH&)?EUH72OO

IC-XF%2:'UB Q
M+9DB


M4Q9RD(-@4]W,YLQ%+MU :DFFADHJGJ&\V08A8%K#ZF!SJBM=&6LW$=7(@8
M8_J9+D995:


M# ]831XP#(W

M$9FM6&7[[PHR 18*
JFZC__+-=?J9:XZ#/*%:1E['(XR W/OF6J
JVQ;7].*


WGVT\47]'9)1?T$.FP5O
FO(U:


^$:@90FWQ5X$0TR.R










M6'6XXPK0


MM?X&U8-5\\DT!CP:

?D4T5N)AYLW1_(
MYGHX8=P0B[SH]




_.!%%^_.J]@WWH^AMW;WLDJ;4];S ;A5/9

4ZB18!<




D3K.'8A06_N



M^\J[%L4.FX@ZC+8.\N9!N7TMO8EBIUDLIVFD5UFL4V!6*9[5
Q.QA2C'=)(*
MY6)%D#E?5CH3P:
1_\AT
3G/3BE3R5FY??75D=OG(08PWBH9O]5?A5\L8LOC


*W*OW

A6^ .Y+I4

F_&N=XF

8-:\







M3 2/U1$YT#9M/E







3R*!.TH[N0/U^$VM1'6D



MXY


MC4+%P

%7E[O5F*\L:
X[K





#O@?^2UTX%]RC6),8,EF8X[I$(MN8EWPS*&S<


\KA5A]3H)!.!\PLR&&VL[#7QCC?C-
M<5(\L4@W+V6GC]+%?/-@R8YF-D 9SC(#JO327*2FG^AJ_225E@6-1&9;#T7
MK(HTRHJI@0^7D/[T$6R#

S$5K

MCQ44T'-V0:?[&D\RR':?/F;I 4@V 77].B?#4T3E)_@C_H0T^_W&K;\A:I F





W##J1






M%QPZ6V!5+3!CONLX6










MB83H



 \]!KL9?,Z0F-\ULZJ2B%IRV41'+:V)4A.^^)@0S7E@K0B_T
M-NSDFGLD^,J/W?C]VM\&X8ZU)Y;_/<E4XB1MUFU$Y%:*.^#F\]ED\M<I(9)$
M+MG[!HEDX.:B?QX$9W7$.925DY*52#@DD%!M+8=&$


M2Y@*B.3.*ZNJ.24BH.$'EJ
233-*N+:4
CA2O0

MY0QIL@
.?(Y'($P\L$?MO9/?:5VJ:8W-TLH


=A%H
MT!HJ

M'N6:;97
WK/.FNG5$-@LK!5YQ,M&

M.9PLR35=N0@07RN+42&0
NDFUXF71 Q9.Q(&Z ' /P-ZZ7%O1

@

M.9E.1;DH4V($
BU K@9(]'@?B(_XBPUI].B




M2*ND/@-IM_ \/ 4VD.2TI#H*=D4^58
=X$-RB\PVF=%)4@S3J:
-1:(4PO2R
MJ52?DEGME\@^F4OCD291AU5/432:73&]KX*0/_(6]NJ#D5F2S1TS^$';XB
M9(:Q[?IDK+$/(I?



M6(LQ+;5&)0
[%8V/]=!0!'8J77&]M4&
G12
S42#IR A))!)UW008SC++2F6

M%.2#+6X Q+@%?&I@HR'/'\SL
H




M?'


85

M4Y2*
&&*XG.VW(G ]C6^2/-27B2X=#.96]:L.G6G=U&NFPD3A29P3K%ULL/B

MDTCK=FJX1URB@59' Q6BAAEZ%;PTNT054CZ['@PO[!B^!&%SWE5^2BDN2DT+







R7X^5X00&[
MW@5HL(BW-$





M]% 7;0^0!@%M
2T83]H$6:. MJJOE*4R#TW
]E!;
J3*3=:@;E*4/O4FG$*&

M:I^/EVBFU=E


LH@G&TWB#^.)2*^L=/H/RCSHFZ2%(90HBK)U -SR?IL




]!)=!/+5

M\E?- %VFCU 7







=@\'?T$CT)HBB.__2C?9!1'!VMZ499T/BSGY'
1'4Y8&G:64W;6GAI*+AYO&&*J
M&H5QQ7AQ$-;N)U0A3X
;0]1R-K9H6$B/JX1HX$B^R*OMK=4PI6MBD#TG9^G

M\ 6%F(;P+CO'I[.I


!5F[ ?D #VM;WNQNPX#% &92/([R$TXJ5


)^0F3S:30C^/?_?7Z




MDQX@%XS7U[#H9
MJ
M[#TL^V07AVT+7J


HCHM))+_C-





&


(T+#OT6G)B4]: B_O;;=Z^4_3
M4SI00IL6IBCP2.

[[DK]%2%ID8@





?/





@B:50IIODE:0(!^@-9H)9+8G4\Y
M






M$111BKAXWU*#O&D$&HJ0M%!H*.G*
33;@0 6L:M/R4!M0D38M$45ZU-(FB

WG!!D81ZBGO



MUK0Z]AL!)!=D@DW+



?Z!M<OP[N:681S9J4PG@0[*1YZ/V
M8U3,,MAH]$'4@8(1/P]&H



RQPP:@FU(CT=4/


M;N_V_P

01!S/!L@%6SOTS$6LLY7.[7


MF

''U/ZF.9 ;
61

#F/;]9_L'_=!Y)*5*.[^


 O
MO@T2/$
?;MWD_A([N?/83:OKX5_NH6][9HFNTO !@+8* .V+S^U0-S'Z;K
M7I_M#5'WB_W#W1UVGX(P#+[3^TG07QBS] (BE *=7R^1J8 \*_5A8;DW;6($


M-E%#+[K%0[\


+G
M1E 4'U$)AD*[(O%BI6O6V45K6(*FV.]N ^U*R
XZLFF07AF'4L=A-H.]P? Y
M&
R8;$&OPB9\]](=O=09!O(=0*W!H


MQX



3[/



C
9




M86D:T=#3

'M:(#:J!R

M$'QT


MO*% ';@X8[2





C

M?.&K]B-
(=VJ/AFUF&]-2EZB[8![K;9Y:QWR%NX
M'5!L-6--S7.JPOK*(O_ -.C7'D1

M;!NDJWTJTX-RN





M%>56]Z&[8:4OU2
 \
M%NAD90L)K(TE 3$.T+R/_Q87X





M_0VL+YZN_W3]='WUJ/4RBNXX**&_FS/-!CX]&G] O[O;PY!YE6I/H4820IVF

MXY/Y.04'#CA(H

C\9
MG4D(XJ@;B9B625S[FV ';YH+9Y:?40OWO&&187!:XQS'(I4 /F 9'\$ZCD/W
M^1#C
 8 Q5L5^R4LDD)
MB?US$
:O3\$G^


M6/-LIQ

]-6IW0BGPR

.T
MI31O&L  D;& E6[\@M]!WA HJ8*W?E%E\%1CZ:E$GQ&@&N&-8ZE.(U#62E?F
MIM_!A


M7T*P1V

)PHC)*RTO

ORWZ2BD]




M77S225O^$%W




WB:Z96=R'N$+V1_2-&G8
M^+S*R=HF)43V 

J6NM$
M;5L(EB9HF;Z1V@.7$7KGDZGM+W:

M#.B$2;+$MJ


#Z&/
M*.[@N%H[VIIP*7:M59



B\XV$40D

MM#F;]VT='
!622#@%M:DR@M4]@A0Z2]BC:5#U #FJ$EU?H\\3077RA6HLX



%W0

M54[W79!D(L!S]41F8F=':R^\?MG03$.WNF@/$YP?CX)#!^'/*=0%YQF]DH

8UT^O
M
(3V-CZJ8M1=CGFXSI43*2ZPFG?==Z8T:CN[!.:K:1AD'Z.
8[0+KB+U
A




M(IH


=PG
]RG
PZQ1
+C@^;)(3MZ

M@D0TCD8J_)\C0 6#;UBTMIHS ]AM];5;'19%@K@













C
M0G_)^!@O?1K*O-VHTN#.$X4(?S[/@Q=PNQ@







MA

V:'^
M%I'N+'T9[&U76WDN5^'7AR#QX#NJ59-[WUL&56_#!1XY=1S60U(*\CK*KA






W
&




Y]6G
M[LW*\

HH:(3

TP)-)''6N




@)W0<E6PH:S%\IYI@V\M1S#])\R?KGV+RA]7[@A0CCJT9'9K<
H


MFU


M[2&^]M\0C(/P^+BQP(L:DHAVK;@'V2B4OD$HQ/ A#1 
L&5#A TD%!O/*\
M0+K%$Q

2Q^


3?CA!5:$D
MSK#(6I(E6_OK#RZ\%D$0($$D2AW1T;8E
I&9S._#+9$XM!4RHJ_C+1GI]GR5




3E'3;9P]9_6'8A%2/

Q\N$!X_8^QCX/D0

QD+]=A7(&G8GQW



M)9:#L)$

M*X7- 1AOF3?$


M]YH4TQUW;E'



Z:B
KW






A5!+A QB3!;J*,MFP%9IK8;.MH\1@D/. SI*9(=NS*#)S)@-)/ZU<@I=1N
M=D


QGTW
50
M]3T5]6U%?LPZD'=M! L;J478=:?L!V[NI=+BY.%XWH!5T:'6ZIV:U1CN
MOK[RT$Z0.

.@_)O41#)-G$A;YZ


TS%SU$!O<HK:TI*Z_UNNCJSQAHP1
MUH@R%?U10$<+)[0R(/UM)G;3,9'7(2I-<U?C8QP[=?5DETW2U)%2V8 #OA=%
MPOG5[<?/E*'_9IF6]Y12-+Y4)8EP=

M3F+H^SWY+?H4)S_\9.W(O!+ K9YUMQXC!\HRYR;[B
YP8KP*&MIJ#M5$KT-S




V2B^6)P:I!\G=L_M.U!(22FZ5?/@%^ BB&8A:(R2)KA!

M8&T8_B/(7AH#A@ Z;5



M$M8

O^  RF.GA]QLKW&

MSAM#7[!/QH2W3V'PS/
:3MAXJOAUI8P3Z#7LL#DO)DVZO6!'C*T\%Z&P]-2:
M-.8

M1;I

M.MML5?D&)@]MX@11B:@0B;YSH8!(,V2G)[4SE1IJ$V1]$7F(+JE[@&&U3[-X
MBY-KO-[SK4U5<'6] .Q#FUTZN.?7PB ELM%E6!WX&;&YC;H-&T&0%Y/T';@
M3^8O(!1F2;#*\/HA(R.E/N )GK6+M;8.D.HLVHLF0M3!(\GD;;Y6G;91$S
MW2%V )
.-SB C&]1D*7W#]]T$'+P#AQ2FHKHC(@6YQV(82+1+T1H^JM;\!EE
MK!A&5*2+6!('I013 M_ 8OS::6R&S^)Z9GXY*3;2['7WOF@597W:J$??


94@[
)-7'N(VGBY
M^# @JK1Y?''1B23HCLJ 99Z^95#(D75+G9X 0DB0L




LUT5JRJ
M1%D!
.L7W]:;.0;(&G00P^\G?Q6$0?:&/A(Q1


K
$;C)X-IIJ%
LS_9E@PWF?XCE_$

M['_%R5
\L0=F7O55BULR0]E7M4-U
JZHV*S3_ND(2WKY@?0%)PA
^SSY^7SI




MIGOGH

 I:6$1D!=GBT.L5(3


9^3/

MDYJ2:G5L
7G&-K0HMK1]*3*G691'6*P[#^6[BQK&'[VU19\T71@G-<:-@)
MC/'^\)-_87;NA]Y^(7+#3MB7(3$0QX2D'=C#
6]B
*4? J\.+AEBYGYF=[_



M_$2'ADPU!
-(AK376IP_G/%13-7TJ%T2BPI-^ &TFB[TI;+D+5$'

6HX]^N&*;AJ+U-CKK
MHCG
A6M
M;](LV-(-WD]^D/?WF[HO=R?HS1+V'J-[@S+1!L@Q&! <8UC
+-+P6RK4 'Q


Y
MR4=3.^LP?\RUC3*3T.D@E&$N!N8/

MJ&6
$35*G,IC:UYUL24UI C=4V=Y NG?U2APM5[0]%1W3YEL2C
M_[.@7T<XUS[==)UY0\
S_)\0^9VPT.#1$:^#YK'QPNUI,(QKA::NHL&WN






X3=[X%R#T=*BGWC(OE


MS58=G/A
[JS\NK*ZO(.56YJ


2@:*?





ZGO(UCG[[Z!.H
MA\PEK %V*70<0=^B]:X[4)':&<\!CN(:.3G
+S-\7L2IRE7@Z]J7$5K_L]\

8Q+]%_GX=T)2%RC4?
MXRB-PV#-BRJ5?KKV
]\-L ] A!CZNLZ%)8+&G76)'Z7^:DCE'D4Q(/!7TTUG
M^?U

M;P)!ND
86_L=F%3YC'#^WOW.
7$

MO&5$K45^BG9EX_2Q9[:%S1X&HTI++FKQ)A.)/KRAO&5$FT97[&J$PD5E*@1_

M+QI1.[
R5C[(E'&DTCIK(?.+]L2RLQYI70
*.V&A4ZJ&*Z=B[#JRS4^3.M+^
MO-806


M3= D'.
9M4




4'



5IV64-87Z@U41U


MCS]']

(:MJA

'88^4J;\;2-[;7;8WL?ESN





MTW*TGR-NI.F0'J#!



MO]..^9H@Y9
?)#2+M7.[SPWEWA-E*UFL


MN^@?FC;I3

L4I,9H?0+0.
MP\/VWT6'<64UE#2L]TAE








U4
MNF7^#^PG\(-C&+:9:5 ZU
?\0 ;IXWC9




M%C&)GA=_$P5]AI0KN

AHTW470^+D&#N6VG4.5E()NML[H@ZATP@M
MNC!7C*\D^YIB[R19P)2KO8.+3ET^B#4EG$TRIOS;'#D;3GH





MM


JQ4RN]\%14_V29KG:MXS-^O3A5%:UOR[C RU_\J
M6I='Y.D37H7A\'J\#+.
9+ &5*JG@ZLO)[C@ 5_L;



]*^SC OA<(OKLJYB2EV<C

T'G+-=+HMF;5


/J8X'60H4_^


MOFTSMM:[P*R4/K$_2TSU 49VCG!^1??DI?H-W%)HC\B+V48#I4HN&Y)KQJ


2DVJ17MW(%:V56WQTN FTDZKV7.O
Z8G
MCSL!NT/Q5YRBD2H1AKALU@N!Q,)FRY2#CDRAG@(C4:052R:UPRP%K&)Z65
M4I:$)Y

M#SE#





MFE;G




].]!]A+OLWO\O ]]]LINE\2O


J5S!7#OW@VJ%*

M
U50G%_


DG7*PB



LX:SGK!K

@1(_@43W*-'Y

A5T&+6BPYH4&&P

8;W7LGY=9CZQ
N?L_J -=490-0:;9ZT7UTV0



'Y^
MHSFWNVU?VEKW\S:QT*6$%GWF:W*5






7&0Z26&C/
J
MX_Z/O]W]E[)Y5C)

MZ$(


M
Q.A'_'C2[Q/R4R #

MUHEH5

:;Y6F;



M.E[*.V+;6T_P5P2:


M
NU.QE4UH4?#1*J@&TQ)2IXVLJW1H=;GJ%1KO5\Q/FPH^






_#
M-?(W&[S*R ,8^5%$R)@]I/@%3

M=I07Y;R97]P.YFFLQN7CQX]4)F/;P\QCVFY!.$ 2_53GZBM6
/.6$4LT+?


+



[0K7<-X(_$8KSQJY&S4W_!+L IQRHZL

MO.9-63Z'-

MOK'1LL[LK;@*K8QCX#2M

MI=&Z^NUVWOQBQGN67(#E[F*

M


TI7'6/)H=(LCML'JJ@S
M+EYX'3S!&T-Y:_F-EG560%6#
)


MZ

#$W

M[7U;D^
VEN;[1

M*8.D



=T'\[LW;M\47?LYH^<N;'[__^
/W/U;^\ABEH8=^


4=#P^MHNX-@ \+8WX-[=)AN@0IVJ6
/QH6RF6-^





M_@$1

MTW =Q8FF&U.0FJ% P@8O![H;1-8-V(
@(K=1


 9G$
DI-/UO^FA#F!





M/..#7)5
P_VQ?ECLZR1J_40_[)1FOOIJFJ^^AA#]@D3K/PC$5R $*U^11-/A
M\_W 

M\TNJF2

0:3/?X3_
W
3?HVGHEVOFEP=F






ZNV&PZ6-$(70()'.2]UDB3H_.0&(/_NO
MI0!$?KDZ5-K



68&]BZ1]'P51.XW:78[?]@
_HL?M.%P
M)
 
/);X%M2'1O[YOK$H@K@/%7FAQQW!_)Q.7GN;;8Z/]LWWIRCR7OP@($ZK

+

J3(Z!L;'
([S**@?:EO#JOYG7WRU_P=+=SUMH197^O_
M-

 N/WE:&%!F]2_5G49&X[3#+

M#*3J=9=1OZ6-R_Z
!U?'.F.:XX7
*H*2*IWWN7__
F8='GG2M*1-^XY/$I
M13G !3J1X-&97\0K#'
!2Y-B*D:]K:..! VQUTYJ2N+&?9\US$_JYKG7
X7C





WE
M#OT6-P!);SLTG7@6^:@L6PY'8V4FT4D+[M$1S2*TL;D6:LF]R$=IUG0X*K/5

M

_Q@U
M/'2/18G03Z-&J,6&4.H5XQ:6V:;($J5Q\\4@UD)S[B%Z$8+<0G.N$5H'C=%
WN#!'T




[QF;
[KDV99.;A**9K!^6KI
MO+9#P#6*%DZ/Y=^RRL77SL['CZR4 AV-N?:.6OC)W^9MIKGZCJX.NBA1CI1&

EA^'ET7 8+'5G1

A3H A+TW1XK2Y^BH)




MK: =IW:5N

MZT5
M)H1AJCO*;:TL(0P+EVW+UC(3XGN-AHO

M:
Q'=4FQ8A2.N/U@5_$)Q;@U11F4T-FY*[M QVI]Q.U/TU9E+#E*F%J)GHRD





M3BO1!=40UPS00]
+!K30^U(!L%-(XT.%/]2GQ


VA;FA
:87B^P




M 8B^]7V(;BL0TSCN\XOZ$$1TY@LMKZ#'Y/Z\M1[*
]C8^^JTE0Y*T455+AL*
MG?4V6JA$HEVB/&2Q*2PD:6W-XKZEEB$]GY:'L N2,J)H:V:\W9&4-N.;V]

M7Q\M(7U. !#





AFQ$+759KEU%:1K%
*?'-G=X%V /X'(U@[5&CK#N]$C 6
M]/@R
THH);2:L4 IZ'8N







MW!7%(]'V8L#3TOE';6@^GY.X(47
\:7AB]VLYO1$A6;K
JTV772^$]K2\.
M%DN(QG$,3&EJ&8-9#VIT&80EM32W

M\LH


*+ 1N<@/(_B4VO[*@FA9Y9&&\]?1_^ %L7<
MH@ DUPZ$!S1KK/17OKY:<D+[YDI33&\S;<V%N838HPRA)3\V/PS$7JMLZZ6'
M$W3(N#[9W.C? 4BR2VF6G9.L&2NKEHR@%]=$.-[









JU#3Y

MI.19U2C6+-MR
4ICAH_/K#=D))(=N)XY7FVOZ=(#@&=^4=NKFJD_&RN^2]OK
MG:D&C^'2Z50\9JQ0GOLUY8K
7-*M(N^DJ0+*



0-R%:HLD+!$

N4+.)*KAS6^
MA=HUV+(4!&1*_ERL(


KA




<[&M6^FA
MA0.2)'^2%@7!;N/%B[RY2S(1TLO)?OVQ


=M'_V0W^;

MS&65^8HJJHETUU*G+:?OZ()[ NNF&ZJ]O1*T2^&OG%7\O\D\/3T3VMOW1M%U





M9Q=D_.J1K47DA-%J

XX5GW8W7*=&ANMJ:/8JEJFTG

M(S6LV&D:MA?4%$6K+1U$[DF

M6S(D\N7I V]V+I;6P
@C1&=90G)5TBX(FK:HRYKH2
?1]B7$BN]LT$7:*@YT

/03

M0#-ZZ.'@M3UMN];&QN1R954
FP^PUJ)!/#W5I-/2/M1T)#^P*LA)CC0\%]2Z

\?0TBJ


MJ0!R[]N:?GIB4%S$SUV*I?XSG+\B


M3(8=S!&NL0RW-^!92^X/_BZF :WN+2+G:1/!!/_[.MH^(Q2\V19S1Y'$.3OK


?75)25X#B
M6J-\DND_:^VCY2W G*B(D3<$CIAO$
7)IE80B)ESW%VUJ;%\
Y2K?(.)R#3



MGL;*\3V;CK*0-84YV=&
X7R^HE$KPC%C%(
X/2..;\Q/BECF,QE/C7E462

M?Z!9.V X![KIHNU3NMTZ\#!?S=#/7@[9[ 57@;U]=8
447&')BR3;0FUQV/!



0)7_/59WL9/Q'YAA/(7


M78D]R)


M4$M$48T



Y4=ZQ7?EE27GU
M\D?
PH QW]2VVYXX@M
M+V'&]FVCAN9)9?;'L0F-VYJ&_KQHR +7JZ+8^A
%A5Z$+K2
QGG-B0UUO
M(S.


M5:

MEDZZ%87):JM$(:_=X)


J]%9
M).'-6P#HXKVYYO/%
0?0S]_END

I:SC]O%]$



M7_G ^XHT?7A*1A.I4N
HX: \R^:K175!S\/CE=U$




N93L$2

ML+?AE! V)80I30C[.*'$DQ#VT2X-MR-
Y_#8I=7VD2]WCIE=BBQWW$I- * $

A#$'S\[.[T!J8\W05VQ7LCR=E[
P2XS@J 5=SC=!]^08MW^0*/?@<A<FFVP.!O-_0C5*Y
MFQHIGJW0S/X3./#.W_
D7P@-9SCO]Z$ZQBMC70;744J+EI4;ZR*X7J*O*YOL

$+K9!X?


@V?V&
MJPJ;K1*


M+?


MX\7[ZPS1.27P(8K1/R$\K+XXD/_C@A;W\CN/L41=Z+'P1HJ=RC!1NN\469





M-QI&F]O*4RV V?U#$V;H5XM
RET





MXC3 1:/NT FRP!LW.SFJYCDQ1L6&-AZ3)Y D 1%GXU_\9(/:HS_
TF0305:E
M9+7?4!)I0R$)G1







6^N

MY0B&2L#NHD.:PS1%(0%IQI2?&QKJHY?


M67JV8L5[2Y\?XBVZGM6&8T[ I


 6VT_'0;6\F9D_K/X$X-YW0?.;WU_PL1XC#HK%ECC!Z9O@
M7Z+DGR!Y/&:B4R#J[WM6H9=5?;F+8/X3;O=A:$B;B5!RRA4T
\[:TR9JODNN

._B3SQ0930




MUV6UA18*D;@
?1?)4O28&W9; ZC^BJ3V^/'IJPCU)WWTY(T4SQTT:S


MS(O:8B/$4955O1*[$:


M[1V?5&\BRQ/_8


M;8V@&K_50N(1\)&X\7?+Z#9


TS2:8RGM[7XGJ%S0(D@*V?!3M?7

*/ )




M@3
D; RR/4/V8F^AFJPFDRH[R6I]1^O8GF/;T]0




8/[9!

+;2PUUV6%2?&2VC=(P08HZ.:?Q3FPD
MKK63CCM




MEICUH)H^Q^#W%!VTMWM0/@?8C&=C6P.H)B_E5IY^9=-];&T(Y?7W&MMIS]OK
MM \R[R0]&I718ALW;CS'BJV*4^?%10?*+G6)?7/7O
JL.]/V-ZXY!(8:5K0[
4&?2,$7N5C2/[*?R0U^OSGM(B *6FD&1Z4#*E$%SLGXC9._UV5]^E

M5LT:#;URHDOB6T)\1$8PR

0?*VR+








MN4.+T E8Q5JZ#6HR#@M\+%:$UVMTOOJ)4E2X/F$&1C$ZG$BE] 6B$QY/J6J+
M\L1B5IE1


MEOF(3DLYPCE'4$KU9[1:'1+HV!%UL8'
L
W9%P9(9(X\#).;F5HGQ2_SG '%


MK+)7552-

M[32
%G%F@XOQ$A40P.DCF

M17F




-3[E\$PY/#P8'?UVZ!_/











M)KB^M=GVFZ9LF..ETUAE07(0S=8;)HE4L[T2 -I&-QR9KZ&3594$7E%(714L

I-FV\-1^XU)1:O&D*/W$I6.DU8:K
0[<.$SIB1E7K/NL
KJ^$SU T[E$+JM[8E@







ZGG7R^DY$ 2=)Y%\Z!E**.ZNTT11%62:H3E&N
M]!BQ]J[3IM6W:?GF=E0;=0$C+W437)/[R0E _-E_?7(WP$L#)*V07ZX.E3:S


YUQ


-FL5*:V
VI+ 27)4CB+AHT29Y01L\XLH T^_/3I!F



Y/FECF
5KI;B!O+&\)

?AR3N64E[8N-H5-5$CE?

MYC3CQW6UCAM(AES%OR:/JNPX*M







PN]?P*'%GPI
(!._HK*)+
M

M8AOD

.
M$+]&/BO








M4)
IIP!G]
NG8IXH
05I;X
:('%XF(
I&1A)&KJ9(#GO P

MM[^G_JX\^-LPX.ZNI\J\_P]MO=PW@N,#KJJY



MD&N8G!/)UUD'7U]C


M;'L08-=EQP!
(OC/.L X-4[;L\C$0.

O[W$K^^

M48$
TB$

OR]ONA@BGEA*J4B?(@,I)@'BCE:!5QCJ'WA/@%X+):P)NA
M@]]9@Z(4SG%1$\D;'
 6T*<RB 3PA7V*MV@^$X4DYRD&HQE$=0:=



MF;:0!-W- #:3W=SV

O@U(YZ^?GL)+EO




MK^


MRM
Z'
M;/@[6[?]NF#^&*4)6.!7(/$JRV+FV69/[FZ7<3R(KCS;36*R'&MGU$'


MD]4
M'#1+*YA+NTP$L?)=G%
!


-FUK$[9UYS4QZBV-
(:(
MA^!P_-M]N(K@-@L_U'F%
RGC%MU%1]&QISGG0()!
P1WR9FLWMF\$$U[N14D




M WP 0 5                :NP 0!J8G-S+3(P

4     !7@A=++W,Y$Q,Z  HKP
 %0              @ $IT0$

#$W


end



