

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-18-255065
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20180628
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180822
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180822
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANFILIPPO JOHN B & SON INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000880117
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				362419677
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0628
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19681
		FILM NUMBER:		181032589
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1703 N. RANDALL ROAD
		CITY:			ELGIN
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60123-7820
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-289-1800
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1703 N. RANDALL ROAD
		CITY:			ELGIN
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60123-7820











 


WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549 






ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;28
 2018 




TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from
 to



JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


















Elgin
 Illinois 60123 
(Address of Principal Executive Offices
 Zip Code) 
Registrant&#146;s telephone number
 including area code: 










Name of Each Exchange on Which
Registered

Common Stock
 $.01 par value per share






 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;. 

of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;. 
 (229.405 of this
chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 or
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer&#148;
 &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller
reporting company&#148; in Rule 
































 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in 
 was $541
234
022 as of December&nbsp;28
2017 (8
470
As of August&nbsp;15
 2018
 8
747
575 shares of the registrant&#146;s Common Stock
 $.01 par value
(&#147;Common Stock&#148;) and 2
597
426 shares of the registrant&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 $.01 par value (&#147;Class&nbsp;A Stock&#148;)
 were outstanding. The Class&nbsp;A Stock is convertible at the option of the holder at any time and
from time to time (and
 upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 automatically converts) into one share of Common Stock. 


 2018 are incorporated by
reference into Part III of this Form 




 
a. General Development of
John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. was formed as a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1979 as the successor by


 the terms &#147;we&#148;
 &#147;us&#148;
&#147;our&#148; or &#147;Company&#148; refer collectively to John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC. Our fiscal year ends on the final Thursday of June each year


 the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2016 consisted of fifty-three weeks with our fourth quarter containing fourteen weeks. Additional information on the
comparability of the periods presented is as follows: 





References herein to fiscal 2019 are to the fiscal year ending June&nbsp;27
 2019. 






References herein to fiscal 2018
 fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 are to the fiscal years ended June&nbsp;28
 2018
June&nbsp;29
 2017 and&nbsp;June 30
 2016
We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 pecans
cashews
 walnuts

 Orchard Valley Harvest
 Squirrel Brand
 Southern Style Nuts
brand names and under a variety of private brands.
We also market and distribute
 and in most cases
 manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 cashew butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 snack bites
 sunflower
kernels
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
Our website is accessible to the
Information about us
 including our code of ethics

10-Q

 and any amendments to those reports are made available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports have been filed with the United States
. The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the
SEC&#146;s public reference room at 100 F St.
 NE
 Washington


 and should not be viewed as
 an
incorporation by reference of the information contained on
 or available through
 the website. Therefore
 such information should not be considered part of this Form 

 Elgin
 Illinois 60123




Part II
 Item&nbsp;8 &#151; &#147;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&#148; for our net sales
c. Narrative
Description of Business 
Fisher
 Orchard Valley
Harvest
 Squirrel Brand
 Southern Style Nuts
brand names and manufacture and distribute several private brands as well. Through a deliberate strategy of focused capital expenditures and complementary acquisitions
 we
have built a generally vertically integrated nut processing operation that enables us to control almost every step of the process for pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
 including procurement from growers
 shelling
 processing
 packaging and marketing.
Vertical integration allows us to enhance product quality and
 in most crop years
 purchase inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts at lower costs as opposed to purchasing these nut meats from other shellers. We believe that our generally vertically
integrated business model typically works to our advantage in terms of cost savings and provides us with better insight into crop development. Our generally vertically integrated model
 however
 can under certain circumstances result in reduced
earnings or losses. See Part I
Our brands are some of the most well-recognized in the packaged food
 recipe nuts as the leading brand in the category
in the produce section of many retailers and expanded into new channels with our
acquisition of 



products are sold through the major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 and contract packaging customers. Selling through
multiple distribution channels allows us to generate multiple revenue opportunities for the nuts we process. For example
 brand
 and pecan pieces could be sold to commercial
ingredient users. We process and sell all major nut types consumed in the United States
 including peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts and almonds (our major nut types) in a wide variety of innovative packaging
 thus offering our customers a complete
nut product offering. 

 82% and 83% of our gross sales for fiscal 2018
 fiscal 2017
and fiscal 2016
 respectively. The nut product line includes almonds
 pecans
 peanuts
 black walnuts
 English walnuts
 cashews
 macadamia nuts
 pistachios
 pine nuts
 Brazil nuts
 and filberts. Our nut products are sold in numerous package styles
and sizes and we offer our nut products in a variety of different styles and seasonings. We sell our products domestically to retailers and wholesalers as well as to commercial ingredient and contract packaging customers. We also sell certain of our
products to foreign customers in the retail
 contract packaging and commercial ingredient markets. For more information about our revenues in our various distribution channels
 see Part II
 Item&nbsp;8 &#151; &#147;Financial Statements and
We acquire all of our peanuts and walnuts directly from domestic growers. The majority of our pecans are acquired from domestic
growers with the remainder acquired from growers in Mexico. We purchase the balance of our raw nuts from importers
 trading companies and domestic processors. 

 and in many cases process and manufacture
 a wide
assortment of other food and snack products. These other products include snack mixes
 salad toppings
 snacks
 snack bites
 trail mixes
 dried fruit and chocolate and yogurt coated products sold to retailers and wholesalers; baking ingredients sold
to retailers
 wholesalers
 and commercial ingredient customers; bulk food products sold to retail and commercial ingredient users; an assortment of sunflower kernels
 pepitas
 snack mixes
 almond butter
 cashew butter
 candy and confections
 corn
snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products sold to retail supermarkets
 mass merchandisers and commercial ingredient users and a wide variety of toppings for ice cream and yogurt sold to commercial ingredient users. 
We sell our
products to approximately 350 customers through the consumer
 products
 including consumer-packaged
and bulk products
 to retailers including supermarket chains
 wholesalers
 supercenters
 and other retail outlets
 across the United States. We sell products through the consumer channel under our brand names
 including the 

Valley Harvest
 Squirrel Brand
 brands
 products to
other manufacturers to use as ingredients in their final food products such as bakery
 confection
 cereal and ice cream
 products that are customized to the specifications of chefs
national restaurant chains
 food service distributors
 fast food chains
 brand and our customers&#146; private brands. Our contract
packaging channel produces and packages 

 particularly in the consumer channel.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Net sales
 Stores
 Inc. accounted for approximately 30% of our net sales for fiscal 2018
 28% of our net sales in fiscal 2017 and 26% of our net sales for fiscal 2016. Net sales to Target Corporation
accounted for approximately 13% of our net sales for fiscal 2018 and 14% our net sales for fiscal 2017 and 2016. Net sales to PepsiCo
 Inc. accounted for approximately 11% of net sales in fiscal 2018 and 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2017. Net
sales to The WhiteWave Foods Company accounted for approximately 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2016. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of net sales for any period presented. 


We distribute products from each of our principal facilities. The majority of our products are shipped from our facilities by contract and
 snack and baking products

Harvest
 products
 bulk foods and other products produced by us and other vendors. We also operate an internet site that sells 
 


 

brand awareness
 developing
 identifying and introducing new products
 attracting new customers
 increasing distribution and increasing consumption in the snack nut
 recipe nut and produce categories. Private brand and commercial ingredient channel
efforts are focused on category management
 new product identification and introduction
 brand awareness
A significant
portion of our branded marketing efforts are focused on consumer promotional campaigns that include advertisements (e.g.
 social media
 magazine
 newspaper
 internet and television)
 product sampling and coupon offers. Our integrated marketing
 brand include sponsorships of celebrity chefs and professional sports franchises. Additionally
 shipper display units are utilized in retail stores in an effort to gain additional temporary product placement and to
drive sales volume. We work with third-party information agencies
 such as Information Resources
 Inc. (&#147;IRi&#148;)
 to monitor the effectiveness of our marketing and measure product growth
 particularly in comparison to our competition and the
Commercial ingredient trade promotion includes periodically attending regional and national trade shows
 trade publication advertising
 marketing. These promotional efforts highlight our processing capabilities
 broad product portfolio
 product customization and packaging innovation. 

 funding of industry research and sponsorship of educational programs
 we support efforts to increase
awareness of the health benefits
 convenience and versatility of nuts as both a snack and a recipe ingredient among existing and future consumers of nuts. 
Our nuts and other snack
food products compete against products manufactured and sold by numerous other companies in the snack food industry
 some of whom are substantially larger and have greater resources than us. In the nut industry
 we compete with
 among others
 The
Kraft Heinz Company (Planters brand)
 Treehouse Foods
 Inc. and numerous regional snack food processors. We also compete with the Diamond brand
 among others. Competitive factors in our markets include price
 product quality
 customer service
breadth of product line
 brand name awareness
 method of distribution and sales promotion. The combination of our generally vertically integrated operating model with respect to pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
 our product quality
 product offering
brand strength
 innovation
 distribution model and the fact that we focus on nut and nut related products generally enable us to compete in each of these categories
 but there can be no guarantee that our products will continue to be competitive
with many of our larger competitors. See Part I
(vii) Raw Materials and Supplies
We purchase nuts from domestic and foreign sources. In fiscal 2018
 all of our walnuts
 almonds and peanuts were purchased from domestic sources. We
purchase our pecans from the southern United States and Mexico. Cashew nuts are imported from Vietnam
 India
 Brazil and certain West African countries. For fiscal 2018
 approximately 38% of the dollar value of our total nut purchases was from
Competition in the nut shelling industry is driven by shellers&#146; ability to access and purchase raw nuts
 to shell the nuts
efficiently and to sell the nuts to processors. We shell all major domestic nut types
 with the exception of almonds
 and are among a few select shellers who further process
 package and sell nuts to the
 Raw material pricing pressure and the high cost of equipment automation have previously contributed to a consolidation among shellers across all nut types
 especially peanuts and pecans. 

 peanuts and walnuts and
 unlike our major consumer distribution channel competitors who
purchase nuts on the open market
 we purchase a substantial portion of our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers. However
 there are risks associated with vertical integration
 such as susceptibility to market price volatility for
pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. See Part I
Due
 in part
 to the seasonal nature of the industry
 we maintain
significant inventories of peanuts
 pecans and walnuts at certain times of the year
 especially in the second and third quarters of our fiscal year. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts and walnuts and other nuts may affect the value
of our inventory and thus may also affect our gross profit and gross profit margin. See Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148;. 
 



 we had purchased some of our packaging and labels from a related party. We purchase other
inventory items such as roasting oils
 seasonings
 plastic jars
 labels
 bags
 composite and clear-plastic cans and other packaging materials from other third parties. Material costs
 including tree
nuts
 peanuts
 other commodities and other inventory items represented approximately 83% of our total cost of sales for fiscal 2018. 
We market
our products primarily under name brands

 Orchard Valley Harvest
 Squirrel Brand
Fisher
 Orchard Valley Harvest
 Squirrel Brand
 Southern Style Nuts
are registered as trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as well as in various other foreign jurisdictions. We do not own any trademarks for any private brands
 which are owned by the respective private
brand customer. Our trademarks are important as they provide our customers with information about the quality of our products. However
 registration and use of our trademarks in foreign jurisdictions may be subject to certain risks in addition to
other risks generally related to our intellectual property. See Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148;. We also own several patents of various durations. We expect to continue to renew for the foreseeable future those trademarks that
are important to our business and expand registration of our trademarks into new jurisdictions. We intend to protect our intellectual property rights vigorously. 
As of June&nbsp;28
 2018
we had approximately 1
450 full-time employees
 including approximately 240 corporate staff employees. 

 pecans and walnuts
three of our principal raw materials
 are primarily purchased between September and February and are processed throughout the year until the following harvest. As a result of this seasonality
 our personnel requirements rise during the last quarter
(xi) Backlog
Because the time between order and shipment is usually less than three weeks
 we believe that any backlog as of a particular date is not material to
an understanding of our business as a whole. 

 including the
presence of shell fragments
 foreign objects
 insects
 foreign substances
 pathogens
 chemicals
 aflatoxin and other agents
 or residues introduced during the growing
 storage
 handling or transportation phases. We (i)&nbsp;maintain what we believe
to be rigid quality control standards and food safety systems and are SQF 2000 Code Level&nbsp;2 certified
 (ii)&nbsp;generally inspect our nut and other food products by visual examination
 metal detectors or electronic monitors at various stages
of our shelling and processing operations
 (iii)&nbsp;work with the United States Department of Agriculture (&#147;USDA&#148;) in its inspection of peanuts shipped to and from our peanut shelling facilities
 (iv)&nbsp;maintain environmental pathogen
programs
 and (v)&nbsp;seek to comply with the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act by labeling each product that we sell with labels that disclose the nutritional value and content of each of our products; however
 no assurance can be given that
some nut or other food products sold by us may not contain or develop harmful substances. In order to mitigate this risk
 we strive to select high-quality nut suppliers and currently maintain product liability and contaminated product insurance at
amounts we believe are adequate in light of our operations. 
 


 

 and therefore
 an investment in our Common Stock is subject to risks and uncertainties. The factors
described below could materially and adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. While each risk is described separately
 some of these risks are interrelated and it is possible that certain risks could trigger the
applicability of other risks described below. Also
 the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us
 or that we view as not rising to the level of being
material
 could also potentially impair our business
 results of operations and financial condition. Investors should consider the following factors



 Item&nbsp;7 &#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#151; Liquidity and Capital Resources&#148; before deciding to purchase
We Cannot Control the Availability or Cost of Raw Materials and this May Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of
Operations
The availability and cost of raw materials for the production of our products
 including peanuts
pecans
 almonds
 cashews
 walnuts and other nuts are subject to crop size and yield fluctuations caused by factors beyond our control
 such as weather conditions
 natural disasters (including floods
 droughts
 frosts
 earthquakes and hurricanes)
changing climate patterns
 plant diseases
 foreign currency fluctuations
 trade agreements
 tariffs and embargos
 import/export controls
 political change and unrest
 changes in global customer demand
 changes in government agricultural programs and
purchasing behavior of certain countries
 including China and India. Additionally
 any determination by the USDA or other government agencies that certain pesticides
 herbicides or other chemicals used by growers have left harmful residues on
portions of the crop or that any portion of the crop has been contaminated by aflatoxin or other agents
 or any future product recalls for other reasons could reduce the supply of edible nuts and other raw materials used in our products and could
Because these raw materials are commodities
 their prices are set by the market and can therefore fluctuate
quickly and dramatically due to varied events
 such as those described above. Furthermore
 we are not able to hedge against changes in nut commodity prices because no appropriate futures
 derivative or other risk-sharing market for these commodities
exists. Consequently
 in order to achieve or maintain profitability levels
 we attempt to increase the prices of our products to reflect the increase in the costs of the raw materials that we use and sell. However
 we may not be successful in
passing along partial or full price increases to our customers
 if at all. In addition
 even if we are successful in passing across partial or full price increases
 we may not be able to do so in a timely fashion. Our ability to raise prices and the
timing of any price increases is often dependent upon the actions of our competitors
 some of whom are significantly larger and more diversified than we are or own farms which produce the raw materials. Additionally
 any such product price increase
that we are able to pass along to our customers may ultimately reduce the demand for
 and sales of
 our products as customers reduce purchases or buy lower priced products. Alternatively
 if the prices of any raw materials significantly decrease and
we have inventories of such materials on hand
 we may be unable to reduce product prices without impacting our gross margin. Any competitors who purchase such material on the open market or own the farms which produce the raw materials may be able
to reduce prices in a more timely manner
 and we could lose market share to such competitors. Any one or more of the foregoing aspects may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition. 

 fluctuations in the market prices of nuts may affect the value of our inventories and profitability. We maintain significant inventories of nuts
and our financial condition could be materially and adversely affected by any significant decrease in the market price of such raw materials. See Part II
 Item&nbsp;7 &#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Significant Private Brand Competitive Activity Could Materially and Adversely
Some customer buying decisions
 including some of our largest customers
 are based upon
a periodic bidding process in which the single
 successful bidder is assured the selling of the selected product to the food retailer
 supercenter or mass merchandiser until the next bidding process to the exclusion of other bidders. Our sales
volume may decrease significantly if our bids are too high and we lose the ability to sell products through these channels
 even temporarily. Alternatively
 we risk reducing our margins if our bids are successful but below our desired price points.
In addition
 margins could be further reduced if commodity prices subsequently rise and customers are unwilling or unable to accept price increases. Should any of our significant customers elect to introduce or expand their private brand programs
and we do not participate in such programs or the programs directly compete against our branded products
 our sales volume could be negatively impacted. Any of these outcomes may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of
operations. 
 


Our Inability to Manage Successfully the Price Gap Between our Private Brand Snack Nut Products and Those
Although demand for private brand snack nut products (and
our private brand snack nut products in particular) has increased
 our competitors&#146; branded snack nut products have certain advantages over our private brand snack nut products primarily due to their advertising strategies
 perceived product
attributes
At the retail level
 private brand snack nut products generally sell at a discount to those of
branded competitors. If branded competitors reduce the price of their products
 the price of branded snack nut products offered to consumers may approximate the prices of our private brand snack nut products. Further
 promotional activities by
branded competitors such as temporary price reductions
 retailer credits
 offerings and coupons
 have the same general effect as price
decreases. Price decreases initiated by branded competitors could result in a decline in the demand for our private brand snack nut products
 which could negatively impact our sales volumes and overall profitability. Such sales volume and
In addition
 many of our competitors with significant branded
operations have more diversified product offerings among a wider variety of food categories than we have. Such competitors could
 as a result of their size or diversified offerings
 be in a better position to decrease their prices or offer better
promotions for their branded snack nut products. If competitors are able to exploit their size or diversification to make significant price reductions and offer better promotions
 it could decrease our private brand snack nut sales
 which could
Changing Consumer Preferences and Demand Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our
Our financial performance depends in part on our ability to anticipate and offer products to our
customers that appeal to their preferences. Consumer preferences
 whether for branded products or private brand products or how consumers purchase such products
 can quickly change based on a number of factors beyond our control. If we fail to
anticipate
 identify or react quickly to these changes and are unable to develop and market new and improved products to meet consumer preferences
 demand for our products could suffer. In addition
 demand for our products could be affected by
consumer concerns regarding the health effects of nutrients or ingredients in any of our products. The development and introduction of new products requires substantial research and development
 testing and marketing expenditures
 which we may be
unable to fully recover if the new products do not achieve the necessary commercial success. New product introduction also results in increased costs
 including from the use of new manufacturing techniques
 capital expenditures
 new raw materials
and ingredients
 and additional marketing and trade spending. Consumers are also purchasing food products outside traditional retail supermarkets
 including via the Internet. If we are unable to provide our customers with our products outside
traditional retail supermarkets
 demand for our products could suffer. Reduction in demand as a result of changing consumer preferences or inability to provide consumers with products they demand could materially and adversely affect our financial
Negative Consumer Perception About Our Company or Branded Products Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our
Our ability to develop
 maintain and continually enhance the value of our Company and our branded
products is critical to improving our operating and financial performance and implementing our Strategic Plan. The value of our Company and our branded products is based in large part on the degree to which consumers react and respond positively to
our operations and our brands. Positive views of our Company and our brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors
 including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible or reckless manner
 negative perception
about the actions or values of our Company
 adverse publicity about our products (whether actual or fictitious)
 our failure to maintain the quality of our products
 the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences
concerns about food safety or allergies
In addition
 our success in enhancing the value of our
Company and our branded products depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment. We increasingly rely on social media and online advertising campaigns as well as advertising outside of traditional print and television
channels. Negative posts or comments (whether actual or fictitious) about us or the type of products we produce
 market or sell on online social networks
 product review sites or similar online activity could seriously impact consumer demand for our
products. We are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions on how we market and advertise our products. These restrictions may limit our ability to respond as the media and communications environment continues to evolve. If we do not
react appropriately
 then our product sales
 financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
 


We Sometimes Enter Into Fixed Price Commitments without First Knowing Our Acquisition Costs
 Which Could
We enter into fixed price commitments with a portion of our
commercial ingredient sales customers and certain other customers. The commitments are for a fixed period of time
 typically three months to twelve months
 but may be extended if remaining balances exist. Such commitments with a term of six months
or more represented approximately 5% of our annual net sales in fiscal 2018. Sometimes we enter into fixed price commitments with respect to certain of our nut products before fixing our acquisition costs in order to maintain customer relationships
or when
 in management&#146;s judgment
 market or crop harvest conditions so warrant. To the extent we do so and our fixed prices are not properly aligned with our acquisition costs
 then these fixed price commitments may result in reduced or
Our Generally
We have a generally vertically integrated nut
processing operation that enables us to control almost every step of the process for pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
 including procurement from growers. Our generally vertically integrated model has in the past resulted
 and may in the future result
in significant losses because we are subject to the various risks associated with purchasing a majority of our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers
 including the risk of purchasing such products from growers at costs that later
 due to
altered market conditions
 prove to be above prevailing market prices at time of sale. Accordingly
 because we purchase a majority of our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers during harvest season and shell and process these nuts
throughout our fiscal year
 there is a possibility that
 after we acquire these nuts
 market conditions may change and we will be forced to sell these nuts at reduced prices relative to our acquisition costs
 or even at a loss which could materially
We Operate in a Competitive Environment Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect our Financial
We operate in a highly competitive environment. The principal areas of competition are
 among others
 brand
recognition
 taste
 flavor
 quality
 packaging
 price
 advertising
 promotion
 convenience and service. Our principal products compete against food and snack products manufactured and sold by numerous regional
 national and international companies
some of which are substantially larger and have greater resources than us
 such as The Kraft Heinz Company (Planters brand) and Treehouse Foods
 Inc. Most of our competitors that sell and market the other top branded snack nut products have
committed more financial
 marketing and other resources to such brands when compared to the resources spent by us on our brands. Additionally
 many retail customers have continued to emphasize their own private label offerings as a key part of their
strategy and may develop or expand their own private label nut and nut product offerings
 to the exclusion of our branded products. Many of our competitors buy their nuts on the open market and are thus not exposed to the risks of purchasing inshell
pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers at fixed prices that later
 due to altered market conditions
 may prove to be above prevailing market prices. We also compete with other shellers in the commercial ingredient market and with regional
processors in the retail and wholesale markets. In order to maintain or increase our market share
 we must continue to price our products competitively and spend on marketing
 advertising
 new product innovation and shelf placement and slotting
fees
 which may cause a decline in gross profit margin if we are unable to increase sales volume as well as reduce our costs
 which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
We are Dependent Upon Certain Significant Customers Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition
 Cash Flows and Results of
We are dependent on a few significant customers for a large portion of our total net sales
 particularly in the consumer channel.
Sales to our five largest customers represented approximately 60%
 60% and 62% of net sales in fiscal 2018
 fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016
 respectively. There can be no assurance that all significant customers will continue to purchase our products in
the same quantities
 same product mix or on the same terms as in the past
 particularly as increasingly powerful retailers may demand lower pricing
 different packaging
 larger marketing support
 payments for retail space
 establish private brands
or request other terms of sale which negatively impact our profitability. A loss of one of our largest customers
 a material decrease in purchases by one of our largest customers
 the inability to collect a receivable from or a significant business
interruption at one of our largest customers would result in decreased sales and would materially and adversely affect our results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows. 
Impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other intangibles could result in the incurrence of impairment charges and negatively impact our net
At June&nbsp;28
 2018
 we had goodwill of $9.6&nbsp;million and other intangible assets of $17.7&nbsp;million. The net carrying value of
goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date (or subsequent impairment date
 if applicable). The net carrying value of other intangibles represents the fair
value of customer relationships
 brand names
 and other acquired intangibles as of the acquisition date (or subsequent impairment date
 if applicable)
 net of accumulated amortization. Goodwill is not amortized but must be evaluated by management at
least annually for impairment. Amortized intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be recoverable. Impairments to goodwill and other
intangible assets may be caused by factors outside our control
 such as increasing competitive pricing pressures
 lower than expected revenue and profit growth rates
 changes in industry earnings multiples
 changes in discount rates based on changes
in cost of capital (interest rates
 etc.)
 or the bankruptcy of a significant customer and could result in the incurrence of impairment charges and negatively impact our net worth. 
 


We are Subject to Customer Pricing Pressures and Retail Consolidation Trends Which Could Materially and
As the retail grocery trade continues to consolidate and our retail customers
grow larger
 become more sophisticated and obtain more purchasing power
 our retail customers are demanding lower pricing
 especially private brand customers
 and increased free or discounted promotional programs. Further
 these retail customers may
begin to place a greater emphasis on the lowest-cost supplier in making purchasing decisions
 especially during periods of increased or variable raw material acquisition costs. An increased focus on the lowest-cost supplier could reduce the benefits
of some of our competitive advantages
 which include a focus on customer service
 innovation
 production capacity
 category management and quality. As the retail environment consolidates
 many customers are reducing inventories or focusing on a
limited number of brands (often the number one or number two brand by market share) in making purchasing decisions. In addition
 certain customers in the retail channel
 such as dollar stores and other discount sellers
 have become increasingly
sophisticated and may demand similar pricing to retail grocery customers. As part of the retail consolidation trend
 diversified companies with substantial Internet presences have increased their food offerings or purchased retail supermarkets to
expand their grocery business
 particularly as such companies focus on food delivery direct to consumers. Such companies have substantial pricing power and may focus on their products to the exclusion of our products. If we fail to respond to these
trends
 our sales volume growth could suffer
 and it may become necessary to lower our prices and increase promotional support of our products
 any of which would materially and adversely affect our gross profit and gross profit margin and could
Food Safety
 Allergy and Product Contamination Concerns Could
If consumers in our principal markets lose confidence in the
health or safety of nut products
 particularly with respect to peanut and tree nut allergies
 food borne illnesses or other food safety matters
 this could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
Individuals with nut allergies may be at risk of serious illness or death resulting from the consumption of our nut products
 including consumption of other companies&#146; products containing our products as an ingredient. Notwithstanding our
existing food safety controls
 we process peanuts and tree nuts on the same equipment
 and there is no guarantee that our other products will not be cross-contaminated. Concerns generated by risks of peanut and tree nut cross-contamination and other
food safety matters
 including food borne illnesses
 may discourage consumers from buying our products
 cause production and delivery disruptions
 or result in product recalls. Product safety issues (i)&nbsp;concerning products not manufactured
distributed or sold by us and (ii)&nbsp;concerning products we manufacture
 distribute and sell
 may materially and adversely affect demand for products in the nut industry as a whole
 including products without actual safety problems. Decreases in
demand for products in the industry generally could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition
 the cooling system at our Elgin
 Illinois facility utilizes ammonia. If a leak in the system were
to occur
 there is a possibility that the inventory in cold storage at our Elgin
 Illinois facility could be destroyed which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
Product Liability
 Product Recalls
 Product Labeling and Product Advertising Claims May Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations and
We face risks associated with product liability claims
 product recalls and other liabilities in the event:&nbsp;(i) our food safety
and quality control procedures are ineffective or fail
 (ii)&nbsp;we procure products from third parties that are or become subject to a recall
 regardless of&nbsp;whether or not our food safety and quality&nbsp;control procedures are ineffective or
fail
 (iii)&nbsp;our products cause injury or become adulterated or misbranded
 (iv)&nbsp;our products are determined to be promoted or labeled in a misleading fashion or do not contain required labeling
 (v)&nbsp;government authorities test our
products and determine that they contain a contaminant or present a food safety risk
 (vi)&nbsp;our products are tampered with
 (vii)&nbsp;one of our competitors is subject to claims
 recalls or other liabilities involving products similar to ours
or (viii)&nbsp;federal
 state or other government agencies or courts determine that our products could pose health risks or contain potentially harmful chemicals or other substances. In recent years
 the food industry has been a target of litigation
over product labeling and advertising
 including nut products. Such litigation results in significant costs to defend and resolve. In addition
 we do not control the labeling of other companies&#146; products containing our products as an
ingredient. A product recall of a sufficient quantity
 a significant product liability judgment against us
 a significant advertising-related liability or judgment against us or other safety concerns (whether actual or claimed) could cause our
products to be unavailable for a period of time
 products
 could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our products and
expose us to liabilities in excess of any insurance we maintain for such events. If these kinds of events were to occur
 they would have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products and
 consequently
 our results of operations and cash
We are Dependent on Certain Key Personnel and the Loss of Any of Their Services Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of
Our future success will be largely dependent on the personal efforts of our senior operating management team
 including Jeffrey T.
Sanfilippo
 Chief Executive Officer
 Michael J. Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary
 James A. Valentine
 Senior Technical Officer and Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Chief Operating Officer
 President and Assistant
Secretary. We believe that the expertise and knowledge of these individuals in the industry
 and in their respective fields
 is a critical factor to our growth and success. Although some of our officers own significant amounts of our Class&nbsp;A
Stock
 these individuals have not entered 
 



 agreement with us
 nor do we have key officer insurance coverage policies in effect. The departure of any of these
individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects and that in turn would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our success is also dependent upon our ability to attract and retain additional
qualified personnel
We are Subject to Government Regulation Which Could Materially
We are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA
 the USDA
 the United States Environmental
Protection Agency (&#147;EPA&#148;) and other state
 local and foreign authorities in jurisdictions where our products are manufactured
 processed or sold. We are also subject to California&#146;s Proposition 65
 which requires that clear and
reasonable warnings be given to consumers who are exposed to certain chemicals deemed by the state of California to be dangerous. Among other things
 these regulations govern the manufacturing
 importation
 processing
 packaging
 storage
distribution
 advertising and labeling of our products. Our manufacturing and processing facilities and products are subject to periodic compliance inspections by federal
 state
 local and foreign authorities. We are also subject to environmental
regulations governing the discharge of air emissions
 water and food waste
 the usage and storage of pesticides
 and the generation
 handling
 storage
 transportation
 treatment and disposal of waste materials. Amendments to existing statutes and
regulations
 adoption of new statutes and regulations
 increased production at our existing facilities as well as our expansion into new operations and jurisdictions
 may require us to obtain additional licenses and permits and could require us to
adapt or alter methods of operations at costs that could be substantial. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be time-consuming
 expensive or costly to us in different ways and could materially and adversely affect our results of
operations. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 as well as possible criminal sanctions
 which could materially and adversely affect our results
of operations. 
 
 such as taxes
 tariffs
 duties
 subsidies
 incentives
 and
import and export restrictions on agricultural commodities and commodity products
 can influence the planting
 location and size of certain crops
 whether commodity products are traded
 the volume and types of imports and exports
 and the viability
and volume of production of certain of our products. In addition
 international trade disputes can adversely affect commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. Future government policies may adversely affect
the supply of
 demand for
 and prices of our products
 restrict our ability to do business in its existing and target markets
 and negatively impact our revenues and operating results. 

 including increased
inspections and mandatory recalls
 as well as stricter enforcement actions
 each of which could result in additional compliance costs and civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 withdrawals
 recalls or seizures and confiscations. The FSMA
further instructed the FDA to develop new rules and regulations
 including the performance of hazard analyses
 implementation of preventive plans to control hazards
 and foreign supplier verification provisions. We currently have &#147;hazard
analysis and critical control points&#148; (&#147;HACCP&#148;) procedures in place that may appropriately address many of the existing or future concerns as a result of FSMA. The new FDA rules and regulations required us to change certain of our
operational processes and procedures
 and implement new ones. However
 there could also be unforeseen issues
 requirements and costs that arise from these new FDA rules and regulations. HACCP is a management system in which food safety is addressed
through the analysis and control of hazards from raw material production
 procurement and handling
 to manufacturing
 distribution and consumption of the finished product. 

entities
 including the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 the SEC
 the Department of Justice and the Nasdaq Global Select Market
 have issued a significant number of new and increasingly complex requirements and regulations over the last
several years and continue to develop additional regulations and requirements in response to laws enacted by Congress. Our efforts to comply with these requirements have resulted in
 and are likely to continue to result in
 an increase in expenses
and a diversion of management&#146;s time from other business activities. Failure to comply with any law or regulation could subject us to civil or criminal remedies
 including fines and injunctions
 which could materially and adversely affect our
Operational
 Legal
 Economic
 Political and Social Risks of Doing Business in Emerging Markets and Other Foreign Countries
Approximately 38% of the dollar value of our total nut purchases for fiscal 2018
were made from foreign countries. We purchase our cashews from Vietnam
 India
 Brazil and certain West African countries and some of our pecans from Mexico. To this extent
 we are exposed to various risks inherent in emerging markets
 including
increased governmental ownership and regulation of the economy
 greater likelihood of inflation and adverse economic conditions
 governmental attempts to control inflation
 such as setting interest rates and maintaining wage and price controls
supply reduction into the United States from increased demand in foreign countries
 international competition
 compliance with
 and subjection to
 foreign laws
 including our ability to protect our intellectual property
 such as our brands
compliance with U.S. laws and regulations related to conduct in foreign countries
 such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 currency exchange rates
 potential for contractual defaults or forced renegotiations on purchase contracts with limited
legal recourse
 tariffs
 quotas
 duties
 import and export restrictions and other barriers to trade that may reduce our profitability or sales and civil unrest
 armed hostilities and significant political instability. 
 



purchase sufficient supplies of cashews
 pecans and other imported raw materials and limit our ability to make international sales
 and may materially and adversely affect our results of operations by increasing the costs of doing business overseas.


 peanuts and walnuts from growers and farmers in large quantities at harvest times
 which are primarily
during the second and third quarters of our fiscal year
 and receive nut shipments in bulk truckloads. The weights of these nuts are measured using truck scales at the time of receipt
 and inventories are recorded on the basis of those measurements.
The nuts are then stored in bulk in large warehouses to be shelled or processed throughout the year. Bulk-stored nut inventories are relieved on the basis of continuous high-speed bulk weighing systems as the nuts are shelled or processed or on the
basis of calculations derived from the weight of the shelled nuts that are produced. While we perform various procedures periodically to confirm the accuracy of our bulk-stored nut inventories
 these inventories are estimates that must be
periodically adjusted to account for positive or negative variations in quantities and yields
 and such adjustments directly affect earnings. The quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to
fifteen-month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates
 which historically averaged less than 1.0% of inventory purchases
 are also recorded. The precise amount of our bulk-stored nut inventories is not known until the entire quantity of the
particular nut is depleted
 which may not necessarily occur every year. Prior crop year inventories may still be on hand as the new crop year inventories are purchased. The majority of bulk-stored nut inventories at June&nbsp;28
 2018 will be
processed during the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and any adjustment to our bulk stored nut inventory quantity will be recorded at that time. There can be no assurance that any bulk stored nut inventory quantity adjustments will not have a material
Certain of Our Stockholders Possess a Majority of Aggregate Voting Power in the Company
and Members of The Sanfilippo Group Have Pledged a Substantial Amount of their Class&nbsp;A Stock
 Which May Make a Takeover or Change in Control More or Less Difficult and Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and Results of
As of August&nbsp;22
&nbsp;2018
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Lisa A. Sanfilippo
 John E. Sanfilippo and James J.
Sanfilippo (the &#147;Sanfilippo Group&#148;) own or control Common Stock (one vote per share) and Class&nbsp;A Stock (ten votes per share on all matters other than the election of Common Stock directors) representing approximately a 51.0% voting
interest in the Company. As of August&nbsp;22
 2018
 Michael J. Valentine and Mathias A. Valentine (the &#147;Valentine Group&#148;) own or control Common Stock (one vote per share) and Class&nbsp;A Stock (ten votes per share on all matters other
than the election of Common Stock directors) representing approximately a 24.0% voting interest in the Company. In addition
 the Sanfilippo Group and the Valentine Group as holders of the Class&nbsp;A Stock are entitled to elect six Class&nbsp;A
Directors which represents 67% of our entire Board of Directors. As a result
 the Sanfilippo Group and the Valentine Group together are able to direct the election of a majority of the members to the Board of Directors. In addition
 the Sanfilippo
Group is able to exert certain influence on our business
 or take certain actions
 that cannot be counteracted by another stockholder or group of stockholders. The Sanfilippo Group is able to determine the outcome of nearly all matters submitted to
a vote of our stockholders
 including any amendments to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws. The Sanfilippo Group has the power to prevent or cause dividends
 or a change in control or sale of the Company
 which may or may not be in the best
interests of other stockholders
 and can take other actions that may be less favorable to other stockholders and more favorable to the Sanfilippo Group
 subject to applicable legal limitations
 which could materially and adversely affect our
financial condition
In addition
 several members of the Sanfilippo Group that beneficially own a significant
interest in our Company have pledged a substantial portion of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Stock that they own to secure loans made to them by commercial banks. If a stockholder defaults on any of its obligations under these pledge agreements or
the related loan documents
 these banks may have the right to sell the pledged shares. Such a sale could cause our Company&#146;s stock price to decline. Many of the occurrences that could result in a foreclosure of the pledged shares are out of our
control and are unrelated to our operations. Because these shares are pledged to secure loans
 the occurrence of an event of default could result in a sale of pledged shares that could cause a change of control of our Company
 even when such a
change may not be in the best interests of our stockholders
 and it could also result in a default under certain material contracts to which we are a party
 including an event of default under the Credit Agreement by and among the Company
 Wells
Fargo Capital Finance (f/k/a Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC)
 as the arranger and administrative agent and a syndicate of lenders
 dated February&nbsp;7
 2008 (as amended
 the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;)
 which could materially and adversely affect our
financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. 
 


General Economic Conditions and Increased Production and Transportation Costs Could Materially and
General economic conditions and the effects of a recession
 including
uncertainty in economic conditions and an economic downturn
 and political uncertainties
 including political action or inaction having an impact on the economy
 could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations
 results of
operations and financial condition. These conditions may include
 among other things
 increasing transportation costs due to the current nationwide driver shortage as well as new federal regulations which require increased monitoring of a
driver&#146;s allowed driving time using electronic monitoring technology
 higher unemployment
 increased commodity costs
 increased raw material costs
 increased packaging material prices
 decreases or alterations in consumer demand
 changes in
buying patterns
 adverse changes in tax rates
 interest rate and capital market volatility
 adverse changes in the purchasing power of the U.S. dollar and higher general water
 energy
 and fuel costs. Maintaining the prices of our products
initiating price increases (including passing along price increases for commodities used in our products) and increasing the demand for our products (especially when prices for our products are decreasing due to commodity price decreases)
 all of
which are important to our plans to increase profitability
 may be materially and adversely affected by general economic conditions and increases in production costs. Among other considerations
 nuts and our other products are not essential products
and therefore demand and sales volume could decrease. In addition
 a general economic downturn could cause one or more of our vendors
 suppliers
 distributors and customers to experience cash flow problems and
 therefore
 such vendors
 suppliers
distributors and customers may be forced to reduce their output
 shut down their operations or file for bankruptcy protection
 which in some cases would make it difficult for us to continue production of certain products
 could require us to reduce
sales of our products or could result in uncollectable accounts receivable. Financial difficulties or solvency problems at these vendors
 suppliers and distributors could materially adversely affect their ability to supply us with products or
adequate products
 which could disrupt our operations. It may be difficult to find a replacement for certain vendors
 suppliers
 freight haulers or distributors without significant delay or increase in cost. Any of the foregoing could materially and
Litigation Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and
We have been the subject of litigation and investigations in the past
 and we may become the subject of litigation and
investigations in the future
 which may include lawsuits or claims related to contracts
 intellectual property
 product recalls
 product liability
 the marketing and labeling of products
 employment matters
 wage and hour matters
 environmental
matters or other aspects of our business. Plaintiffs or regulatory bodies could seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts
 and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to lawsuits and investigations is difficult to accurately
estimate.&nbsp;Regardless of whether any claims against us are valid
 or whether we are ultimately held liable
 such litigation and investigations may be expensive to defend and may divert time
 money and management attention away from our
operations and negatively impact our financial performance.&nbsp;We maintain insurance in amounts we believe to be adequate based on our business operations. However
 we may incur claims or liabilities for which we are not insured
 that exceed the
amount of our insurance coverage or that our insurers may raise various objections and exceptions to coverage. A judgment or settlement for significant monetary damages or requiring other significant changes to our business or assets could
materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.&nbsp;Any adverse publicity resulting from allegations or investigations may also adversely affect our reputation and the reputation of our products
 which in turn
Technology Disruptions
 Failures or Breaches Could
We depend on information technology to maintain and streamline
our operations
 including
 among other things
 (i)&nbsp;interfacing with our locations
 customers and suppliers
 (ii)&nbsp;complying with financial reporting
 legal and tax regulatory requirements
 (iii)&nbsp;maintaining logistics
 inventory control
and monitoring systems and (iv)&nbsp;providing us with real-time feedback about our business. Like other companies
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control
 including
natural disasters
 terrorist attacks
 telecommunications failures
 outages during replacement or upgrades
 computer viruses
 hardware failures
 power outages
 hackers
 ransomware attacks
 cyber risks and other security issues. We have technology
security initiatives
 cyber insurance and disaster recovery plans in place to mitigate our risk to these vulnerabilities
 but these measures may not be adequate
 particularly as the global dependence on technology increases and the sophistication of
cyber threats increases. In addition
 information
 we may suffer financial and reputational damage
 litigation or remediation costs or
penalties because of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our customers
 consumers
In addition
we have outsourced several information technology support services and administrative functions to third-party service providers and may outsource other functions in the future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. If the service providers to
which we outsource these functions do not perform effectively
 we may not be able to achieve the expected cost savings and may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers. Depending on the function involved
 such
errors may also lead to business disruption
 processing inefficiencies
 the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach
 the loss of sensitive data through security breach
 or otherwise. While we or any third party service
provider have not experienced any significant disruption
 failure or breach impacting our information technology systems
 any such disruption
 failure or breach could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
Our Products are Processed at a Limited Number of Production Facilities and any Significant Disruption at any of Our Production Facilities or Disruption
with a Third Party Supplier Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 



 manufactured or otherwise processed at our five production facilities. However
 certain
 products
 including the shelling of peanuts
 walnuts and pecans and processing and packaging of certain other products
 are conducted only at a single location. If any of these production
facilities experiences a disruption for any reason
 including a work stoppage
 power failure
 fire
 pandemic
 terrorism or weather related condition or natural disaster
 this could result in a significant reduction or elimination of the availability
of some of our products. In addition
 a dispute with
 or disruption at
 a significant third party supplier
 service provider or distributor may impact our ability to produce
 package
 market
 transport and sell our products. If we were not able to
obtain alternate production
 shelling or processing capability in a timely manner or on satisfactory terms
 this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
Inability to Protect Our Intellectual Property or Avoid Intellectual Property Disputes Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and
We consider our intellectual property rights

Orchard Valley Harvest
 Squirrel Brand
 trademarks)
 but also our patents
 trade secrets
 copyrights and licensing agreements
 to be a significant
and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent
 service mark
 trademark
 copyright and trade secret laws
 as well as licensing agreements
 third party nondisclosure and
assignment agreements and policing of third party misuses of our intellectual property both domestically and internationally. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our trademarks
 products
 new features of our products
 or our trade secrets
and technology
 or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property
 may diminish our competitiveness and could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and
In addition
 we may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technology
 brands or
products. Any disputes regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Third party claims of intellectual property
infringement might also require us to enter into costly license agreements. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products if found to be liable for infringing activity. Any such
Unsuccessful Implementation of Our Strategic
We developed a strategic plan (the &#147;Strategic
Plan&#148;)
 to help us achieve long-term profitable growth. As part of this Strategic Plan
 we have taken a number of actions including
 among other things
 promotion of our branded recipe and snack nut products
 expanding distribution in
 business at existing key customers. We are taking these actions in order to increase sales
in all of our distribution channels. There are no assurances that we will be successful in achieving any portion of our Strategic Plan
 or any other efficiency measures. 

 we have in the past
 as part of our Strategic Plan
 engaged in strategic acquisitions and joint ventures including the acquisition of Squirrel
Brand
 L.P. in November 2017. However
 we may be unable to successfully manage completed acquisitions or joint ventures
 identify additional acquisitions or joint ventures
 or negotiate favorable financial or other terms with third parties which are
attractive or advantageous to grow or otherwise supplement our existing business. In addition
 the identification and completion of any acquisition or joint venture may divert management&#146;s attention from ordinary business matters
 require a
 or ongoing advisory costs
 result in the loss of employees or customers of our business or the acquired business
 involve the assumption of unknown and potentially significant liabilities or
result in impairment charges if the assumptions underlying the purchase are not satisfied. Due to various uncertainties inherent in such activities
 we may be unable to achieve a substantial portion of any anticipated benefits or cost savings from
previous acquisitions or joint ventures or other anticipated benefits in the timeframe we anticipate
Any inability to realize the anticipated
Increases in Labor Costs
As the number of our
employees has grown
 personnel costs
 including the costs of medical and other employee health and welfare benefits
 have increased. These costs can vary substantially as a result of an increase in the number
 mix and experience of our employees and
changes in health care and other employment-related laws. There are no assurances that we will succeed in reducing future increases in such costs
 particularly if government regulations require us to change our health and welfare benefits
government regulations impose additional monitoring and compliance expenses or we need to attract and retain additional qualified personnel. Increases in personnel costs can also be amplified by low unemployment rates
 preferences among workers in
the labor market and general tight labor market conditions in any of the areas where we operate. Our inability to control such costs could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 



 if a significant number of our employees engaged in a work
slowdown
 or other type of labor unrest
 it could in some cases impair our ability to supply our products to customers
 which could result in reduced sales
 and may distract our management from focusing on our business and strategic priorities. Any
We Cannot Guarantee the Timing
 Amount
Although the Board of Directors has adopted a dividend policy under which the Company intends to pay an annual cash
dividend on its Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock
 whether any such subsequent dividend (or any special dividend) is declared and the timing and amount thereof is subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors. Decisions of the Board of
Directors in respect of dividends will be based on a variety of factors
 including the cash flows
 earnings and financial position of the Company as well as the borrowing availability and other restrictions under our Credit Facility. The Board of
Directors is not required to declare dividends and the number and amount of dividends is restricted under our Credit Facility and could be restricted under future financing or other arrangements. The Board of Directors will also regularly review and
may modify or terminate our dividend policy. Accordingly
 we cannot provide any assurances that our Company will pay annual or special cash dividends in the future
 and if so
 the amount or timing thereof. Any reduction in or elimination of our
dividend policy or dividend payments could have a negative effect on the price of our Common Stock. 
 


 


 Illinois site which also houses
our primary manufacturing operations and corporate headquarters (the &#147;Elgin Site&#148;). The remaining principal production facilities are located in Bainbridge
 Georgia; Garysburg
 North Carolina; Selma
 Texas and Gustine
 California. In
addition
As described below in Part II
 Item&nbsp;7 &#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#151; Liquidity and Capital Resources&#148;
 the Mortgage Facility (as defined below) is secured by mortgages on essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
California and Garysburg
 North Carolina. 
The following table provides
certain information regarding our principal facilities: 

























Constructed



Bainbridge
 Georgia








Peanut&nbsp;shelling
&nbsp;purchasing
 processing
 packaging







Garysburg
 North Carolina








Peanut shelling
 purchasing
 processing
 packaging







Selma
 Texas









 processing
 bulk packaging






Gustine
 California









 processing
 packaging






Elgin
Illinois














Elgin
 Illinois



001





Processing
 packaging


 distribution and corporate offices








The sale and lease back of the Selma properties to related party partnerships was consummated in fiscal 2007.
See Note 6&#151;&#147;Long-Term Debt&#148; to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 



The Elgin Office Building (part of the Elgin Site) was acquired in April 2005. Approximately 63% of the Elgin
Office Building is currently vacant
 The vacant portion of the office building may be leased to third parties; however
 there can be no assurance that we will
be able to lease the unoccupied space. Further capital expenditures will likely be necessary to lease the remaining space. 
 


b. Manufacturing Capability
 Utilization
 Technology and Engineering 



contamination between tree nuts and peanuts. As currently configured
 the Elgin Site can accommodate an increase in production capacity of 20% to 35% of our current capacity
 but our physical capacity is limited. 

capacity to shell in excess of 90&nbsp;million inshell pounds of pecans annually. During fiscal 2018
 we processed approximately 35&nbsp;million inshell pounds of pecans at the Selma facility. 

and cleans
 shells
 sizes
 inspects
 blanches
 roasts and packages them for sale to our customers. The production line at the Bainbridge facility is almost entirely automated and has the capacity to shell approximately 120&nbsp;million inshell
pounds of peanuts annually. During fiscal 2018
The Garysburg
facility has the capacity to process approximately 60&nbsp;million inshell pounds of farmer stock peanuts annually. During fiscal 2018
 the Garysburg facility processed approximately 14&nbsp;million inshell pounds of peanuts. 

 processing
 packaging
 warehousing and distribution. This facility has the capacity to shell in excess of
60&nbsp;million inshell pounds of walnuts annually. During fiscal 2018
 the Gustine facility shelled approximately 39&nbsp;million inshell pounds of walnuts. 

 Garysburg
 Selma
 and Gustine facilities are equipped to handle the processing
 packaging
 warehousing and distribution
 and in the case of
our Bainbridge and Garysburg facilities
 the purchasing of nuts. Furthermore
 at our Elgin Site
 we process
 package
 warehouse and distribute nuts. We currently have more than sufficient capacity at our facilities to handle the aforementioned
We
are a party to various lawsuits
 proceedings and other matters arising out of the conduct of our business. Currently
 it is management&#146;s opinion that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect upon our
business
 financial condition
We are subject to a class-action complaint for an employment related matter. In August
2017
 we agreed in principle to a $1.2&nbsp;million settlement for which we are fully reserved at June&nbsp;28
 components of the settlement including the notice and claims
 2018. Final settlement is expected
For a discussion of our class-action complaint and legal proceedings
 investigations
 settlements and other
contingencies
 see Note 8&#151;&#147;Commitments and Contingent Liabilities&#148; in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II
 Item&nbsp;8 of this Form 
Not
applicable. 
 


 



held on November&nbsp;1
 2018. Below are our executive officers as of August&nbsp;22
Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Chief Executive Officer
 age 55
&#151; Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo has been employed by us since 1991 and in November 2006 was named our Chief Executive Officer. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo served as our Executive Vice President Sales and Marketing from January 2001 to November 2006. He served as
our Senior Vice President Sales and Marketing from August 1999 to January 2001. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo has been a member of our Board of Directors since August 1999. He served as General Manager West Coast Operations from September 1991 to September
1993. He served as Vice President West Coast Operations and Sales from October 1993 to September 1995
 and Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo served as Vice President Sales and Marketing from October 1995 to August 1999. 
Michael J. Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary
 age 59 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Valentine has been employed by us since 1987. In
November 2006
 Mr.&nbsp;Valentine was named our Chief Financial Officer and Group President and
 in May 2007
 Mr.&nbsp;Valentine was named our Secretary. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as our Executive Vice President Finance
 Chief Financial Officer and
Secretary from January 2001 to November 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as our Senior Vice President and Secretary from August 1999 to January 2001. He has been a member of our Board of Directors since April 1997. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as our
Vice President and Secretary from December 1995 to August 1999. He served as an Assistant Secretary and the General Manager of External Operations for us from June 1987 and 1990
 respectively
 to December 1995. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine&#146;s
responsibilities also include peanut
 almond
 imported nut
Jasper B.
Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Chief Operating Officer
 President and Assistant Secretary
 age 50 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo has been employed by us since 1991. In November 2006
 Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo was named our Chief Operating Officer and President and
 in
May 2007
 Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo was named our Treasurer and held that position until January 2009. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo served as our Executive Vice President Operations
 retaining his position as Assistant Secretary
 which he assumed in December 1995
from 2001 to November 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo became a member of our Board of Directors in December 2003. He became our Senior Vice President Operations in August 1999 and served as Vice President Operations from December 1995 to August 1999.
Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo was the General Manager of our Gustine
 California facility beginning in October 1995
 and from June 1992 to October 1995 he served as Assistant Treasurer and worked in our Financial Relations Department.
Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo is responsible for overseeing our plant operations
 research and development
James A. Valentine
 Senior
Vice President
 Senior Technical Officer
 age 54 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Valentine has been employed by us since 1986 and in January 2018 was named our Senior Technical Officer. He served as our Chief Information Officer from November 2006 to January
2018. He served as our Executive Vice President Information Technology from August 2001 to November 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as Senior Vice President Information Technology from January 2000 to August 2001 and as Vice President of Management
Information Systems from January 1995 to January 2000. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine is responsible for providing insight and guidance to executive management regarding strategic direction of our information technology functions that support our corporate
Frank S. Pellegrino
 Senior Vice President
 Finance
 Corporate Controller and Treasurer
 age 44 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Pellegrino joined us in
January 2007 as Director of Accounting and was appointed Corporate Controller in September 2007. In January 2009
 he was named Vice President Finance and Corporate Controller. In August 2012
 he was promoted to Senior Vice President
 Finance. In
August 2016
 he was appointed Treasurer. Previously
 Mr.&nbsp;Pellegrino was Internal Audit Manager at W.W. Grainger
 distributor
 from June 2003
to January 2007. Prior to that
 he was a Manager in the Assurance Practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 where he was employed from 1996 to 2003. Mr.&nbsp;Pellegrino is responsible for our accounting and finance functions
 and in January 2018 also
Christopher Gardier
 Senior Vice President
 Consumer Sales
 age
58&nbsp;&#151;&nbsp;Mr.&nbsp;Gardier joined us in May&nbsp;2010 as Vice President
 Consumer Sales. In August 2012
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was promoted to Senior Vice President
 Consumer Sales. Previously
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was the Vice President Sales for
the Snacks Division at The Hain Celestial Group
 where he led a national sales team of eight regional managers selling natural and organic salty snack brands. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was a Customer Vice President
 Central Region at
Pepperidge Farm for six years
 where he led a team of independent biscuit and bakery distributors covering 13 Midwestern states. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was a Director of National Accounts at Frito Lay for almost five years
 where he led a
sales and operations team responsible for the mass merchandising channel. Mr.&nbsp;Gardier is responsible for leading our Consumer Sales efforts
 including our 
Howard Brandeisky
 Senior Vice President
 Global Marketing and Customer Solutions

President
 Marketing&nbsp;&amp; Innovation. His role was expanded to include Customer Solutions in March 2011. In October 2013
 he was promoted to Senior Vice President
 Global Marketing and Customer Solutions. Previously
 he was an independent
consultant in the food industry for a year. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Brandeisky was at Kraft Foods
 Inc. for 24 years
 with his career culminating as a Vice President of Marketing. He is responsible for leading the marketing
 consumer insights
creative services
 and customer solutions activities and functions. 
 


Stephen C. Chester
 Senior Vice President
 Commercial Ingredients

us in June 2013 as Vice President of Commercial Ingredients and was promoted to Senior Vice President of Commercial Ingredients in August 2016. Previously he was Vice President of Marketing and R&amp;D for Ventura Foods
 a $2&nbsp;billion food
manufacturer selling to consumer
 foodservice
 and industrial channels. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Chester has worked for other large consumer-focused food companies such a Frito Lay and Best Foods as well as
 focused food companies. He has functional experience in sales
 marketing
 R&amp;D
 and general management.
Mr.&nbsp;Chester is also a U.S. Navy veteran. He is responsible for leading our Commercial Ingredients business which includes foodservice and industrial channels. 
J. Brent Meyer
 Senior Vice President
 New Business Development

company
 Squirrel Brand
 L.P.&nbsp;Mr.&nbsp;Meyer had owned Squirrel Brand since 2003 after purchasing and performing a turnaround of the then bankrupt company. From 1998 to 2003
 Mr.&nbsp;Meyer was Director of Marketing for Pegasus Solutions. Prior
to that
 he worked in advertising at Temerlin McLain and Levenson&nbsp;&amp; Hill before earning his MBA from Southern Methodist University.&nbsp;Mr.&nbsp;Meyer is responsible for new business development
 specifically pertaining to the Squirrel
Brand business. 

 a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the father of Michael J. Valentine
 an executive officer and director of the Company
 and James
A. Valentine
 an executive officer of the Company and (ii)&nbsp;the uncle of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr. and Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 executive officers and directors of the Company
 and James J. Sanfilippo
 a director of the Company. 

 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary and a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the son of Mathias A. Valentine
(ii)&nbsp;the brother of James A. Valentine and (iii)&nbsp;the cousin of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo. 

 Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the brother of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr. and James J. Sanfilippo
Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Chief
Operating Officer
 President and a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the brother of Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo
 (ii)&nbsp;the nephew of Mathias A. Valentine and (iii)&nbsp;the cousin of Michael J. Valentine and James A.
James J. Sanfilippo
 a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the brother of Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 (ii)&nbsp;the
James A. Valentine
 Senior Technical Officer of
the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the son of Mathias A. Valentine
 (ii)&nbsp;the brother of Michael J. Valentine and (iii)&nbsp;the cousin of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo. 

 a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;a nephew by marriage of Mathias A. Valentine and (ii)&nbsp;the first cousin by marriage of
Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 James J. Sanfilippo
 Michael J. Valentine and James A. Valentine. 
 


 


Directors
 rounded up to the nearest whole number
 and the holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock are entitled to elect the remaining directors. With respect to matters other than the election of directors or any matters for which class voting is required by
law
 the holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share while the holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock are entitled to ten votes per share. Our Class&nbsp;A Stock is not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and there is no established
public trading market for the Class&nbsp;A Stock. However
 each share of Class&nbsp;A Stock is convertible at the option of the holder at any time and from time to time (and
 upon the occurrence of certain events specified in our Restated
Certificate of Incorporation
Our Common Stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market and
our trading symbol is &#147;JBSS&#148;. The following tables set forth
 for the quarters indicated
 the high and low reported sales prices for the Common Stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 


















Year Ended June&nbsp;28
 2018

































































Year Ended June&nbsp;29
 2017















































 



cumulative total returns of the Russell 2000 Consumer Staples Index and the Russell 2000 Index. The graph tracks the performance of a $100 investment in our Common Stock
 in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from June&nbsp;28
 2013
to June&nbsp;28
 2018. 

 Inc.
 the Russell 2000 Index
 



 



$100 invested on June&nbsp;28
 2013 in stock or June&nbsp;30
 2013 in index
 including reinvestment of
dividends. 
The information contained in the preceding performance graph shall not be deemed to be &#147;soliciting material&#148; or to be &#147;filed&#148; with the
SEC
 nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference in such filing.
As of August&nbsp;22
 2018 there were 47 holders and 16 holders of record of our Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock
 respectively. 

 the Class&nbsp;A Stock and the Common Stock are entitled to share equally on a share for share basis in any
dividends declared by the Board of Directors on our common equity. Our current financing agreements
 as amended on July&nbsp;7
 2017
 allow us to make up to four cash dividends or distributions of our stock in any fiscal year in an amount not to
exceed $60&nbsp;million in the aggregate per fiscal year. See Part II
 Item&nbsp;7 &#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#151; Liquidity and Capital Resources &#151; Financing
In January 2017
 our Board of Directors adopted a dividend policy under which it intends to pay an annual cash dividend on our Common
Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock. The Board of Directors contemplated that the annual dividend would be declared around the conclusion of the Company&#146;s fiscal year and paid in the first quarter of each fiscal year. One of the key factors that will
be taken into account in determining the annual dividend amount (and whether any such dividend will be paid) will be the liquidity position of the Company
 in particular the borrowing availability under our Credit Facility. 

 if so
 the amount and
timing of payment) will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors
 after taking into account a variety of factors
 including cash flows
 borrowing availability under our Credit Facility
 and earnings and financial position of the
Company.&nbsp;There can be no assurance that dividends will be declared or paid in the future. Pursuant to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 any dividends paid on our Common Stock must be equivalent to the dividends paid on our Class&nbsp;A
Stock. 
 



completed fiscal years are as follows: 





On July&nbsp;7
 2016 our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $2.50 that was paid to holders of Common
Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock on August&nbsp;4
 2016. 





On November&nbsp;1
 2016 our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $2.50 that was paid to holders of
Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock on December&nbsp;13
 2016. 





On July&nbsp;11
 2017 our Board of Directors declared an annual and special cash dividend of $0.50 and $2.00
respectively
 that was paid to holders of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock on August&nbsp;15
 2017. 





Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2018
 the Board of Directors declared an annual and special cash dividend of
$0.55 and $2.00 per share
 respectively
 that was paid to holders of our Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock on August&nbsp;17
 2018. 
 as set forth
on the cover page of this Report
 we did not consider any of the siblings or spouses of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Sr. (our former chairman of the board) or Mathias A. Valentine
 or any of the lineal descendants of either Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Sr.
Mathias A. Valentine or such siblings (other than those who are our executive officers
 directors or who have formed a group within the meaning of Section&nbsp;13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange
Act&#148;)
 with either Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Sr. or Mathias A. Valentine) as an affiliate. See &#147;Review of Related Party Transactions&#148; and &#147;Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management&#148; contained in our Proxy
Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting and &#147;Relationships Among Certain Directors and Executive Officers&#148; appearing immediately before Part II of this Report. 


 2018
 with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance pursuant to equity compensation
Equity
Compensation Plan Information 


















exercise&nbsp;of&nbsp;options



options



(excluding
securities















































 


 

 2018
 June&nbsp;29
 2017
 June&nbsp;30
 2016
&nbsp;June 25
2015 and June&nbsp;26
 2014 was derived from our consolidated financial statements. The financial data should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
 which are included elsewhere herein
 and with
Item&nbsp;7 &#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148;. The information below is not necessarily indicative of the results of future operations. The fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
(dollars in
thousands
 except per share data) 































June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



June&nbsp;26










































































































Selling and administrative expenses






























































































































Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net









































































































































































































































































(dollars in thousands)



























June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



June&nbsp;26

























































Long-term debt
 less current maturities



















































































Effective the first quarter of fiscal 2018 we adopted ASU
 which disaggregates the service cost component of pension expense from the other components of net periodic benefit cost component of pension expense. Service cost must be presented in the
same line items as other employee compensation costs while all other components must be presented separately from service cost and outside a subtotal of income from operations. Prior periods in this table have been adjusted for comparability for
this new accounting standard. 



Effective the first quarter of fiscal 2017 we adopted ASU

 


Item&nbsp;7 &#151; Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. Our fiscal year ends on the final Thursday of June each year
 weeks (four thirteen-week quarters). However
 the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2016 consisted of
fifty-three weeks with our fourth quarter containing fourteen weeks. Additional information on the comparability of the periods presented is as follows: 





References herein to fiscal 2019 are to the fiscal year ending June&nbsp;27
 2019. 






References herein to fiscal 2018
 fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 are to the fiscal years ended June&nbsp;28
 2018
June&nbsp;29
 2017 and June&nbsp;30
 2016
As used herein
 unless the context otherwise indicates
 the terms
&#147;we&#148;
 &#147;us&#148;
 &#147;our&#148; or &#147;Company&#148; refer collectively to John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. and our wholly-owned subsidiary JBSS Ventures
 LLC. Our Credit Facility and Mortgage Facility
 as defined below
 are
We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 pecans
cashews
 walnuts

 Orchard Valley Harvest
 Squirrel Brand
 Southern Style Nuts
brand names.
We also market and distribute
 and in most cases
 manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 cashew butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 snack bites
 sunflower
kernels
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under private brands and brand names. We distribute our products in the consumer
 commercial ingredients and contract packaging distribution channels. 

 as identified in our Strategic Plan
 includes continuing to grow
&nbsp;into leading nut brands by focusing on consumers demanding quality nuts in the snacking


 L.P. (&#147;Squirrel
Brand&#148; or &#147;Squirrel Acquisition&#148;)
 a former contract packaging customer. We also executed on our Strategic Plan through expanding into alternative distribution channels
 focusing on our promotional activity and expanding distribution
of our 

 among others
 anticipated deflation in commodity costs for all major tree nuts except almonds
 and
We will continue to focus on seeking profitable business
brands. We expect to devote additional
 brand and expect to continue to focus on this portion
of our branded business. We will continue to face the ongoing challenges specific to our business such as food safety and regulatory issues and the maintenance and growth of our customer base. See the information referenced in Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A
&#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; of this report for additional information about our risks
 challenges and uncertainties. 
 


 





Our net sales for fiscal 2018 increased by $42.0&nbsp;million
 or 5.0%
 to $888.6&nbsp;million compared to fiscal
2017. 





Gross profit decreased by $3.1&nbsp;million
 and our gross profit margin
 as a percentage of net sales
 decreased
to 15.6% in fiscal 2018 from 16.8% in fiscal 2017. 





Total operating expenses for fiscal 2018 increased by $1.3&nbsp;million; and our operating expenses
 as a
percentage of net sales
 were 9.3% compared to 9.6% of net sales in fiscal 2017. 



















The total value of inventories on hand at the end of fiscal 2018 decreased by $7.8&nbsp;million
 or 4.3%
 in
We have seen acquisition costs for walnuts
 peanuts and
cashews increase in the 2017 crop year (which falls into our 2018 fiscal year). While we completed our procurement of the current year crop of inshell walnuts during the second quarter of fiscal 2018
 the total payments to our walnut growers were
not determined until the third quarter of fiscal 2018
 which is typical. The final prices paid to the walnut growers were based upon prevailing market prices and other factors
 such as crop size and export demand. At June&nbsp;28
 2018 approximately
$0.3&nbsp;million was due to walnut growers. 

such items from fiscal 2018 to fiscal 2017 and from fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2016. 









































































































































Our net sales increased 5.0% to
$888.6&nbsp;million for fiscal 2018 from $846.6&nbsp;million for fiscal 2017. Sales volume (measured as pounds sold to customers) increased by 3.4% for fiscal 2018 in comparison to sales volume for fiscal 2017. The increase in net sales was also
driven by a 1.5% increase in the weighted average sales price per pound
 which primarily occurred as a result of increased selling prices for walnuts and cashews. 

 rather than net sales
 because
certain adjustments from gross sales to net sales
 such as promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product type. 
























































































































 


 






























































































































































Sales of branded products were approximately 38% of total consumer channel sales during fiscal 2018 and 2017.
 branded products were approximately 75% and 85% of branded sales during fiscal 2018 and 2017 respectively
 with branded produce products accounting for most of the remaining branded product sales. 

 produce products was driven by new item introductions and
distribution gains at new and existing customers. Sales volume for private label snack and trail mixes increased 11.3% due to new item introductions and increased distribution with existing customers. Accounting for approximately 16.6% of the annual
sales volume increase was the additional sales volume from the Squirrel Brand acquisition which occurred late in our fiscal 2018 second quarter. Squirrel Brand sales volume for seven months of the current fiscal year was included in the consumer and
commercial ingredients distribution channels
 while Squirrel Brand sales volume for the previous year was included in the contract packaging distribution channel because Squirrel Brand was a contract packaging customer during fiscal 2017. Sales
volume for 

Net sales in the contract
packaging distribution channel decreased by 4.6% in dollars and 9.0% in sales volume in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017. The sales volume decrease was primarily due to our acquisition of the Squirrel Brand business in November 2017 as described
above
 coupled with the loss of some bulk business with an existing contract packaging customer.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

 as a percentage of sales
The decreases in gross profit and gross profit margin were mainly attributable to
increased commodity acquisition costs for walnuts and higher commodity acquisition costs for pecans in the first two quarters of fiscal 2018. We could not increase prices in response to these cost increases due to holiday promotional pricing
Operating Expenses
Total operating expenses for fiscal 2018 increased by $1.3&nbsp;million to $82.7&nbsp;million. Operating expenses as a percent of net sales was
9.3% for fiscal 2018 and 9.6% for fiscal 2017. Operating expenses as a percent of net sales decreased in fiscal 2018 as a result of a higher net sales base. 

 an increase of $3.5&nbsp;million
 or 7.1%
 over the amount recorded for fiscal 2017. The increase
was driven primarily by a $1.8&nbsp;million increase in freight expense
 a $1.2&nbsp;million increase in advertising expense
 and a $0.4&nbsp;million increase in sales commission expense. 

 a decrease of $2.3&nbsp;million
 or 7.1%
 from the amount recorded for fiscal 2017. The
decrease in administrative expenses was due to a $5.1&nbsp;million decrease in compensation related expenses
 partially offset by a $0.6&nbsp;million increase of personnel expense
 and a $0.5&nbsp;million increase of transaction expenses related to
Income
Due to the factors discussed above
 our income from our operations was $56.1&nbsp;million
 or 6.3% of net sales
 for fiscal 2018
compared to $60.5&nbsp;million
 or 7.1% of net sales
 for fiscal 2017. 
 


 

higher debt levels and higher average interest rates
Rental and
Miscellaneous Expense
Net rental and miscellaneous expense was $1.4&nbsp;million for fiscal 2018 compared to $1.3&nbsp;million for fiscal
Other expense consists
of pension related expenses other than the service cost component and was $2.0&nbsp;million and $2.1&nbsp;million for fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017
 respectively. 
Income tax expense was
$16.9&nbsp;million
 or 34.2% of income before income taxes (the &#147;Effective Tax Rate&#148;)
 for fiscal 2018 compared to $18.0&nbsp;million
 or 33.3% of income before income taxes
 for fiscal 2017. Effective January&nbsp;1
 2018
 the federal
statutory tax rate was reduced from a maximum of 35% to a flat 21%. Due to our fiscal year ending in June
 our federal statutory rate is a blended rate of approximately 28% for fiscal 2018. As a result of tax reform
 we were required to revalue our
net deferred tax assets which required a 
Net income was $32.4&nbsp;million
 or
$2.85 basic and $2.83 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2018
 compared to $36.1&nbsp;million
 or $3.19 basic and $3.17 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2017
 due to the factors discussed above. 
Net Sales
Our net sales decreased 11.1% to $846.6&nbsp;million for fiscal 2017 from $952.1&nbsp;million for fiscal 2016. Sales volume (measured as pounds
sold to customers) decreased by 3.7% for fiscal 2017 in comparison to sales volume for fiscal 2016. The decrease in net sales was primarily due to a 7.6% decrease in the weighted average sales price per pound
 which primarily occurred as a result of
The following summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of total gross sales. The information is
based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments from gross sales to net sales
 such as promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product type. 
























































































































 


 






























































































































































Sales of branded products were approximately 38% and 36% of total consumer channel sales during fiscal 2017 and
2016
 branded products were approximately 85% and 87% of branded sales during fiscal 2017 and 2016 respectively
 with branded produce products accounting for the remaining branded product sales. 

 however
 sales volume increased by 1.1% in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016.
The decrease in net sales was primarily due to a 7.4% decrease in the weighted average sales price per pound
 which primarily occurred as a result of lower selling prices for almonds and walnuts. IRi market data from June 2017 indicates that
 recipe nut sales volume increased 9.8% from fiscal 2016
 primarily due to distribution gains with new customers
 the
introduction of larger package sizes for walnuts
 and increased promotional activity. Partially offsetting the sales volume increase noted above
 snack nuts decreased 4.3%
 primarily as a result of decreased
produce products
 due to increased merchandising activity
 also contributed to the sales volume increase. Private
Net sales in the commercial ingredients distribution channel
decreased by 32.6% in dollars and 23.4% in sales volume compared to fiscal 2016. The sales volume decrease was primarily due to the loss of a bulk almond butter customer in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 combined with decreased sales of bulk
Net sales in the contract packaging distribution channel increased by 7.5% in dollars and 9.2%
in sales volume in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016. The sales volume increase was primarily due to distribution gains and product line expansions implemented by several of our existing customers in this channel. 
Gross profit increased 3.2% to
$141.9&nbsp;million in fiscal 2017 from $137.5&nbsp;million in fiscal 2016. Our gross profit margin
 as a percentage of sales
 increased to 16.8% for fiscal 2017 from 14.4% for fiscal 2016. 

and acquisition costs for pecans and walnuts. 

Selling
expenses for fiscal 2017 were $49.4&nbsp;million
 a decrease of $1.7&nbsp;million
 or 3.4%
 over the amount recorded for fiscal 2016. The decrease was driven primarily by a $1.5&nbsp;million decrease in sampling and advertising expense
 a
$1.0&nbsp;million decrease in sales commissions expense
 and a $0.9&nbsp;million decrease in compensation-related expenses. Partially offsetting the above was a $1.4&nbsp;million increase in shipping expense due to an increase in delivered sales
Administrative expenses for fiscal 2017 were $34.2&nbsp;million
 a decrease of $0.9&nbsp;million
 or 2.4%
 from the amount recorded for fiscal
2016 due primarily to a $1.4&nbsp;million decrease in compensation-related expenses and a $0.5&nbsp;million decrease in bad debt and miscellaneous expense
 which were partially offset by a $0.8&nbsp;million increase in net litigation settlements.
Due to the factors
discussed above
 our income from our operations was $58.3&nbsp;million
 or 6.9% of net sales
 for fiscal 2017
 compared to $51.3&nbsp;million
 or 5.4% of net sales
 for fiscal 2016. 
 


 

Rental and Miscellaneous Expense
 Net 

Income tax expense was
$18.0&nbsp;million
 or 33.3% of income before income taxes (the &#147;Effective Tax Rate&#148;)
 for fiscal 2017 compared to $16.1&nbsp;million
 or 34.6% of income before income taxes
 for fiscal 2016. The Effective Tax Rate was favorably impacted


excess tax benefits were recorded in Capital in excess of par value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Equity. 
Net income was $36.1&nbsp;million
 or
$3.19 basic and $3.17 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2017
 compared to $30.4&nbsp;million
 or $2.71 basic and $2.68 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2016
 due to the factors discussed above. 
General
The primary uses of cash are to fund our current operations
 fulfill contractual obligations
 pursue our Strategic Plan and repay indebtedness.
Also
 various uncertainties could result in additional uses of cash. The primary sources of cash are results of operations and availability under our Credit Agreement
 dated February&nbsp;7
 2008 and subsequently amended most recently in November
2017 (as amended
 the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;)
 that provides a revolving loan commitment and letter of credit subfacility. We anticipate that expected net cash flow generated from operations and amounts available pursuant to the Credit Facility
will be sufficient to fund our operations for the next twelve months. Our available credit under our Credit Facility has allowed us to consummate business acquisitions

 brands)
 reinvest in the Company through capital expenditures
 develop new products
 pay special cash dividends
 and explore other growth strategies outlined in our Strategic Plan. 

 which can
change based upon fluctuations in both quantities and market prices of the various nuts and nut products we buy and sell. Current market trends in nut prices and crop estimates also impact nut procurement. 
























June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29






June&nbsp;30


























































































































 Net cash provided by operating activities was $66.2&nbsp;million in fiscal 2018
 an
increase of $13.5&nbsp;million compared to fiscal 2017. This increase in operating cash flow was due primarily to lower levels of inventory in fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017. Inventories decreased $7.8&nbsp;million in fiscal 2018 compared to a
$25.8&nbsp;million increase in inventories in fiscal 2017 which resulted in a net favorable change in cash of $35.6&nbsp;million. Partially offsetting this source of cash was a decrease in cash provided by accounts receivable of $11.5&nbsp;million
compared to fiscal 2017
Net accounts
receivable were $65.4&nbsp;million at June&nbsp;28
 2018 and $64.8&nbsp;million at June&nbsp;29
Total inventories were $174.6&nbsp;million at
June&nbsp;28
 2018
 a decrease of $7.8&nbsp;million
 or 4.3%
 from the inventory balance at June&nbsp;29
 2017. The decrease was primarily due to lower acquisition costs for pecans combined with lower quantities on hand of pecans and walnuts
compared to fiscal 2017. Increased quantities of cashews compared to fiscal 2017 partially offset the overall decrease in total inventories. 
 



 2018 fell by
0.7% compared to June&nbsp;29
 2017
 as the decline in acquisition costs for pecans was almost fully offset by increases in acquisition costs for peanuts and
Accrued payroll and related benefits were
$6.4&nbsp;million at June&nbsp;28
 2018
 a decrease of $9.5&nbsp;million compared to June&nbsp;29
 2017. The decrease in accrued payroll and related benefits was due to a lower incentive compensation accrual compared to fiscal 2017. 

 a decrease of $36.6&nbsp;million compared to fiscal 2016. This decrease in
operating cash flow was due primarily to a larger use of working capital for inventory in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016. Inventories increased $25.8&nbsp;million in fiscal 2017 compared to a $41.4&nbsp;million decrease in inventories in fiscal
2016. Partially offsetting this use of cash was a decrease in accounts receivable of $13.3&nbsp;million in fiscal 2017 compared to an increase in accounts receivable of $2.5&nbsp;million in fiscal 2016. 

 2017
 a decrease of $13.3&nbsp;million
 or 17.0%
 from the balance at June&nbsp;30
 2016. The
decrease in net accounts receivable from June&nbsp;30
 2016 to June&nbsp;29
 2017 is due primarily to lower dollar sales in June 2017 compared to June 2016. 

 2017
 an increase of $25.8&nbsp;million
 or 16.5% from the inventory balance at June&nbsp;30
2016. The increase was primarily due to larger quantities of pecans



 2017 increased by 5.5% compared to June&nbsp;30
 2016
 Cash used in investing
activities was $35.0&nbsp;million in fiscal 2018. The payment of the cash portion of the purchase price for the Acquisition was $21.7&nbsp;million
 net. Capital expenditures accounted for a $13.2&nbsp;million use of cash in fiscal 2018. 

Cash used in investing activities was $14.9&nbsp;million in fiscal 2016. Capital expenditures accounted for a $15.0&nbsp;million use of cash in fiscal
We expect total capital expenditures for equipment purchases and upgrades
 facility maintenance and food safety enhancements for&nbsp;fiscal 2019
to be approximately&nbsp;$15&nbsp;million.&nbsp;Absent any material acquisitions or other significant investments
 we believe that cash on hand
 combined with cash provided by operations and borrowings available under&nbsp;the Credit Facility
 will
 Cash used in financing activities was
$31.7&nbsp;million during fiscal 2018. We paid dividends totaling $28.4&nbsp;million in fiscal 2018. We repaid $5.7&nbsp;million of long-term debt during fiscal 2018
 $2.9&nbsp;million of which was related to the Mortgage Facility (as defined
Cash used in financing activities was $42.4&nbsp;million during fiscal 2017. We paid two special dividends in fiscal 2017 for a combined total of
$56.5&nbsp;million. We repaid $3.5&nbsp;million of long-term debt during fiscal 2017
 $3.0&nbsp;million of which was related to the Mortgage Facility (as defined below). Partially offsetting these uses in cash was a net increase in borrowings
outstanding under our Credit Facility of $17.4&nbsp;million during fiscal 2017 which occurred
 in part
Cash
used in financing activities was $74.0&nbsp;million during fiscal 2016. We paid a $22.5&nbsp;million special dividend in December 2015. We repaid $3.4&nbsp;million of long-term debt during fiscal 2016
 $3.0&nbsp;million of which was related to the
Mortgage Facility (as defined below). In addition to these uses of cash there was a net decrease in borrowings outstanding under our Credit Facility of $49.1&nbsp;million during fiscal 2016 which occurred in part as a result of the decrease in
inventory. 
 


 

 2008
 we entered into the Credit Facility with a bank group (the &#147;Bank Lenders&#148;) providing a $117.5&nbsp;million revolving loan
commitment and letter of credit subfacility. Also on February&nbsp;7
 2008
 we entered into a Loan Agreement with an insurance company (the &#147;Mortgage Lender&#148;) providing us with two term loans
 one in the amount of $36.0&nbsp;million
(&#147;Tranche A&#148;) and the other in the amount of $9.0&nbsp;million (&#147;Tranche B&#148;)
 for an aggregate amount of $45.0&nbsp;million (the &#147;Mortgage Facility&#148;). 
The Credit Facility
 as most recently
amended in November 2017
 is secured by substantially all of our assets other than machinery and equipment
 real property
 and fixtures and matures on July&nbsp;7
 2021. The Mortgage Facility is secured by mortgages on essentially all of our owned
real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
On July&nbsp;7
2016
 we entered into the Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement (the &#147;Seventh Amendment&#148;) which extended the maturity date of the Credit Agreement from July&nbsp;15
 2019 to July&nbsp;7
 2021 and reduced by twenty-five basis points the
interest rates charged for loan advances and letter of credit borrowings. The unused line fee was reduced to 0.25% per annum. The aggregate revolving loan commitment remained unchanged. In addition
 the Seventh Amendment allows the Company to
without obtaining Bank Lender consent
 (i)&nbsp;make up to one cash dividend or distribution on our stock per quarter
 or (ii)&nbsp;purchase
 acquire
 redeem or retire stock in any fiscal quarter
 in any case
 in an amount not to exceed
$60.0&nbsp;million in the aggregate per fiscal year
 as long as no default or event of default exists and the excess availability under the Credit Agreement remains over $30.0&nbsp;million immediately before and after giving effect to any such
dividend
 distribution
 purchase or redemption. The Seventh Amendment also permits an additional 5% of outstanding accounts receivable from a major customer to be included as eligible in the borrowing base calculation and reduced the amount
On July&nbsp;7
 2017
 we entered into the Eighth Amendment to our Credit Facility which
eliminated the quarterly restriction on cash dividends and distributions and allows the Company to
 without obtaining lender consent
 make up to four cash dividends or distributions on our stock per fiscal year
 or purchase
 acquire
 redeem or
retire stock in any fiscal year
 in an amount not to exceed $60.0&nbsp;million in the aggregate per fiscal year
 as long as no default or event of default exists and the excess availability under the Credit Facility remains over $30.0&nbsp;million
immediately before and after giving effect to any such dividend
 distribution
On November&nbsp;29
 2017
 we entered into the
Consent and Ninth Amendment to our Credit Agreement which provided lender consent to incur unsecured debt in connection with our acquisition of the assets of the Squirrel Brand business
 and for the acquisition of the Squirrel Brand business to
constitute a &#147;Permitted Acquisition&#148; under the terms of the Credit Facility. The Ninth Amendment also modified our collateral reporting requirements. 

 2018
 the weighted average interest rate for the Credit Facility was 3.90%. The terms of the Credit Facility contain covenants that
 among
other things
 require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 acquisitions and certain sales of assets and limit annual cash dividends or distributions
 transactions with affiliates
 redemptions of capital stock and prepayment of indebtedness (if
such prepayment
 among other things
 is of a subordinate debt). If loan availability under the borrowing base calculation falls below $25.0&nbsp;million
 we will be required to maintain a specified fixed charge coverage ratio
 tested on a monthly
basis
 until loan availability equals or exceeds $25.0&nbsp;million for three consecutive months. All cash received from customers is required to be applied against the Credit Facility. The Bank Lenders have the option to accelerate and demand
immediate repayment of our obligations under the Credit Facility in the event of default on the payments required under the Credit Facility
 a change in control in the ownership of the Company
 
with the financial covenant or upon the occurrence of other defaults by us under the Credit Facility (including a default under the Mortgage Facility). As of June&nbsp;28
 2018
 we were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility and
we currently expect to be in compliance with the financial covenant in the Credit Facility for the foreseeable future. At June&nbsp;28
 2018
 we had $83.0&nbsp;million of available credit under the Credit Facility. If this entire amount were
borrowed at June&nbsp;28
 2018
 we would still be in compliance with all restrictive covenants under the Credit Facility. 

 2023. On March&nbsp;1
 2018 the interest rate on the Mortgage Facility was fixed at 4.25% per annum. Prior to
March&nbsp;1
 2018
 Tranche A accrued interest at a fixed interest rate of 7.63%&nbsp;per annum
 payable monthly and Tranche B accrued interest
 as reset on March&nbsp;1
 2016
 at a floating rate of the greater of
 LIBOR plus 3.50%&nbsp;per annum or (ii)&nbsp;4.25%
Monthly principal
payments on Tranche A in the amount of $0.2&nbsp;million commenced on June&nbsp;1
 2008. Monthly principal payments on Tranche B in the amount of $0.1&nbsp;million commenced on June&nbsp;1
 2008. 

Properties. The Mortgage Lender is entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations under the Mortgage Facility in the event we default in the payments required under the Mortgage Facility
 with the covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of June&nbsp;28
 2018
 we were in compliance with all covenants under the Mortgage
Facility. 
 


 

 we sold our Selma
 Texas properties (the &#147;Selma Properties&#148;) to two related party partnerships for $14.3&nbsp;million and are
 term at
a fair market value rent with three five-year renewal options. Also
 we currently have an option to purchase the Selma Properties from the partnerships at 95% (100% in certain circumstances) of the then fair market value
 but not less than the
original $14.3&nbsp;million purchase price. The provisions of the arrangement are not eligible for sale-leaseback accounting and the $14.3&nbsp;million was recorded as a debt obligation. No gain or loss was recorded on the Selma Properties
transaction. As of June&nbsp;28
 2018
In September 2015
 we exercised two five-year renewal
options which extended the Selma lease to September&nbsp;18
 2026 (unless we purchase it before such date) and reduced the base monthly lease amount we pay on the Selma Properties during the second quarter of fiscal 2017. 
In November 2017 we
completed the Squirrel Brand acquisition. The acquisition was financed by a combination of cash (drawn under the Credit Facility) and a three-year seller-financed note for $11.5&nbsp;million (&#147;Promissory Note&#148;). The principal owner and
seller of the Squirrel Brand business was subsequently appointed as an executive officer of the Company and is considered a related party. The Promissory Note is unsecured
 bears interest at 5.5% per annum and is payable in equal monthly principal
payments of $0.3&nbsp;million
 plus interest
 beginning in January 2018. Upon an event of default
 as defined in the Promissory Note
 the interest rate increases to 7.5% until such event of default is cured. We can
 the Promissory Note at any time during the three-year period without penalty. At June&nbsp;28
 2018
 the principal amount of $9.3&nbsp;million of the Promissory Note was outstanding. 
 


 

 2018
 sheet arrangements
 as defined in
Item&nbsp;303(a)(4)(ii) of 

 2018
 we had the following contractual cash obligations for long-term debt (including scheduled interest payments)
 operating leases
 the
Credit Facility
 purchase obligations
 retirement plans and other long-term liabilities (amounts in this subsection in thousands): 


















































































































































































































































See Note 6 - &#147;Long-Term Debt&#148; of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail on
the Company&#146;s long-term debt obligations. 



The purchase obligations primarily represent of inventory purchase commitments and a commitment to purchase
capital equipment; however
 these amounts exclude purchase commitments under walnut purchase agreements due to the uncertainty of pricing and quantity. 



Represents projected retirement obligations. See Note 12 - &#147;Employee Benefit Plans&#148; and Note 13 -
&#147;Retirement Plan&#148; of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 


 

disclosed in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are applied in the preparation of our financial statements and accounting for the underlying transactions and balances. The policies discussed below are considered by our management to be
critical for an understanding of our financial statements because the application of these policies places the most significant demands on management&#146;s judgment
 with financial reporting results relying on estimation regarding the effect of
matters that are inherently uncertain. Specific risks
 if applicable
 for these critical accounting policies are described in the following paragraphs. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting policies
 see Note


 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements
 and the
reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates. See &#147;Forward-Looking Statements&#148; below. 
We recognize revenue when
persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured. We sell our products under some arrangements
 which include customer contracts
that fix the sales price for periods
 which typically can be up to one year for some commercial ingredient customers
 and through specific programs consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among
others
 to consumer and some commercial ingredient users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the terms of specific arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of rebates and promotion and marketing allowances. Revenues are also
recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product returns have generally been insignificant.
Provisions for returns are reflected as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based upon customer specific circumstances. Evaluating these estimates requires our management&#146;s judgment
 and changes in our assumptions could impact the amount
recorded for our sales
 cost of sales and net income. 

 which consist principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower

 and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably
predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. Inventory costs are reviewed at least quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds and other nuts may affect the value of inventory and gross profit
and gross profit margin. When net realizable values move below costs


 and net realizable value. No such adjustments have been required in any of the periods presented. The results of our shelling process can also result in changes to our inventory costs based upon
actual versus expected crop yields. We maintain significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based upon our inventory systems and are subject to verification
techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen-month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates
 which historically
averaged less than 1.0% of inventory purchases
We enter into walnut purchase agreements with growers typically in our first fiscal
quarter
 under which they deliver their walnut crop to us during the fall harvest season (which typically occurs in our first and second fiscal quarters)
 and pursuant to our walnut purchase agreements
 we determine the final price for this
inventory after receipt and typically by the end of our third fiscal quarter. Since the ultimate purchase price to be paid is determined subsequent to receiving the walnut crop
 we typically estimate the final purchase price for our first and second
quarter interim financial statements based on crop size
 quality
 current market prices and other factors. Any such changes in estimates
 which could be significant
 are accounted for in the period of change by adjusting inventory on hand or cost of
goods sold if the inventory has been sold. Changes in estimates may affect the ending inventory balances
 as well as gross profit. There were no significant adjustments recorded in any of the periods presented. 
We review held
and used long-lived assets
 including our rental investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets (e.g.
 customer relationships and brand names)
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever events or
changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset
or asset group to the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of future cash flows derived from the most recent business projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair value. We also evaluate the amortization periods assigned to our intangible assets to determine whether events or changes in circumstances require a revised estimate of useful lives.
We did not record any impairment of long-lived assets or amortizable identifiable intangible assets in any of the last three fiscal years. 
 


 

impaired. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include deterioration in general economic conditions
 adverse changes in the markets in which we operate
 increases
in input costs that have negative effects on earnings and cash flows
 or a trend of negative or declining cash flows over multiple periods
 among others. The fair value that could be realized in an actual transaction may differ from that used to
In testing goodwill for impairment
 we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the
existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not (more than 50%) that the estimated fair value of our single reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we elect to perform a qualitative
assessment and determine that an impairment is more likely than not
 we are then required to perform a quantitative impairment test
 otherwise no further analysis is required. We also may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment and
 instead
Under the goodwill qualitative assessment
 various events and circumstances that would affect the
Under the goodwill quantitative impairment
test
 the evaluation of impairment involves comparing the current fair value of our single reporting unit to its carrying value
 including goodwill. We estimate the fair value using level 3 inputs as defined by the fair value hierarchy. The inputs
used to calculate the fair value include several subjective factors
 such as estimates of future cash flows
 estimates of our future cost structure
 discount rates for our estimated cash flows
 required level of working capital
 assumed terminal
value
 and time horizon of cash flow forecasts. If the carrying value of our single reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we recognize an impairment loss equal to the difference between the carrying value and estimated fair value. 
We account for income taxes using an
asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such items give rise to
differences in the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be
realized. In estimating future tax consequences
We record liabilities for
 process. The first step is recognition
 where we evaluate whether an individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being sustained upon
examination based on the technical merits of the position
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is
recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold in the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future periods
changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are recorded in results of operations
We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in the
We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering our
historical taxable income and future taxable income based upon the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&nbsp;28
 2018
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $0.1&nbsp;million of net basis differences
for which we have provided a valuation allowance. 

 management must make a variety of estimates including
but not limited to
 discount rates
 compensation increases and anticipated mortality rates. The estimates used by management are based on our historical experience as well as current facts and circumstances. We use a third-party specialist to assist
management in appropriately measuring the expense associated with this employment-related benefit. Different estimates used by management could result in us recognizing different amounts of expense over different periods of time. 
 



One significant assumption for pension plan accounting


Aa3 or higher) available at the measurement date. Based on this information
 the discount rate selected by us for determination of pension expense was 3.99% for fiscal 2018
 3.61% for fiscal 2017


 pension obligation determination
 we selected discount rates of 4.14% and 3.99% for fiscal years 2018 and 2017
 respectively. 

assumption based on our long-term plans for compensation increases and current economic conditions. Based on this information
 we selected 3.4% and 4.5% for fiscal 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 as the average rate of compensation increase for
 pension obligation. We used 4.5% for the rate of compensation increase for determination of pension expense for each of fiscal years 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. 


 2018. 
 


 

accounting pronouncements. 
10-K

 delivered to stockholders
 that are not historical (including statements concerning our expectations regarding market risk) are &#147;forward-looking
statements.&#148; These forward-looking statements may be followed (and therefore identified) by a cross reference to Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; or may be otherwise identified by the use of forward-looking words and phrases
such as &#147;will&#148;
 &#147;anticipates&#148;
 &#147;intends&#148;
 &#147;may&#148;
 &#147;believes&#148;
 &#147;should&#148; and &#147;expects&#148;
 and they are based on our current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and involve
risks and uncertainties. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or other factors that affect the subject of these statements
 except
where expressly required to do so by law. We caution that such statements are qualified by important factors
 including the factors described in Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; and other factors
 risks and uncertainties that are
beyond our control
 that could cause results to differ materially from our current expectations and/or those in the forward-looking statements
 as well as the timing and occurrence (or nonoccurrence) of transactions and other factors
 risk
uncertainties and events which may be subject to circumstances beyond our control. Consequently
 results actually achieved may differ materially from the expected results included in these statements. 


 commodity prices of raw material purchases and foreign exchange. We have not entered into any
arrangements to hedge against changes in market interest rates
We are unable to engage in hedging
activity related to commodity prices
 because there are no established futures markets for nuts; therefore
 we can only attempt to pass on the commodity cost increases in the form of price increases to our customers. A hypothetical 1% increase in
material costs
 without a corresponding price increase
 would have decreased gross profit approximately $6.2&nbsp;million for fiscal 2018. See Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; for a further discussion of the risks and
Approximately 38% of the dollar value of our total nut
purchases for fiscal 2018 were made from foreign countries
 and while these purchases were payable in U.S. dollars
 the underlying costs may fluctuate with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the currency in the foreign country from
where the nuts are purchased
We are exposed to interest rate risk on our Credit Facility
 our
only variable rate credit facility; because we have not entered into any hedging instruments which fix the floating rate or offset an increase in the floating rate. A hypothetical 10% adverse change in weighted-average interest rates would have had
a $0.1&nbsp;million impact on our net income and cash flows from operating activities for fiscal 2018. 
 


 


 Inc. 


as of June&nbsp;28
 2018
and June&nbsp;29
 2017
statements of comprehensive income
 stockholders&#146; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June&nbsp;28
 2018

We also have audited the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of June&nbsp;28
 2018

In our opinion
financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of June&nbsp;28
 2018 and June&nbsp;29
 2017
operations and
their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June&nbsp;28
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material
respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of June&nbsp;28
 2018
 based on criteria established in 
As discussed in Note 1 to
the consolidated financial statements
 the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for net periodic benefit costs as related to pension expenses in fiscal 2018. 
The Company&#146;s management
is responsible for these consolidated financial statements
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
 and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the
financial statements and on the Company&#146;s internal control over
financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&#147;PCAOB&#148;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
We conducted our
financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether
due to error or fraud
Our audits of the
financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those
risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management
financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we
Definition and Limitations of
A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (i)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)&nbsp;provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#146;s assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements. 
 



 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
Chicago
August&nbsp;22
We have served as the
Company&#146;s auditor since 1982. 
 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 2018 and June&nbsp;29
 2017 
(dollars in thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 














June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29



































Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $270 and $263
 respectively



































































PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT:







































































































































Rental investment property
 less accumulated depreciation of $10
431 and $9
639
respectively





















TOTAL PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT


































































Intangible assets
 net









































The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 



JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 2018 and June&nbsp;29
 2017 
(dollars in thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 














June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29



































Current maturities of long-term debt
 including related party debt of $4
341 and $474
respectively and net of unamortized debt issuance costs of $45 and $55
 respectively











Accounts payable
 including related party payables of $0 and $178
 respectively
























































































Long-term debt
 less current maturities
 including related party debt of $15
507 and $10
584
respectively and net of unamortized debt issuance costs of $79 and $124
 respectively













































































































Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 convertible to Common Stock on a per share basis
 cumulative voting
rights of ten votes per share
 $.01 par value; 10
000
000 shares authorized
 2
597
426 shares issued and outstanding









Common Stock
 voting rights of one vote per
share
 $.01 par value; 17
000
000 shares authorized
 8
865
475 and 8
801
641 shares issued
 respectively













































Treasury stock
 at cost; 117
900 shares of Common Stock

































































 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 2018
&nbsp;June 29
 2017 and June&nbsp;30
 2016 
(dollars in thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 


















June&nbsp;28
 2018


June&nbsp;29
 2017


June&nbsp;30
 2016



























































































































































































































Interest expense including $1
103
 $785 and $1
081 to related parties
 respectively
















Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net















































Total other expense
 net































































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:













Amortization of prior service cost and actuarial gain included in net periodic pension
cost











































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax





















































































































































383





317





233





















449





403





332

















 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 2018
&nbsp;June 29
 2017 and June&nbsp;30
 2016 
(dollars in thousands
 except per share amounts) 
















































































Balance
 June&nbsp;25
 2015



597









663
















































































































Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense of $383





































Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $1
358






























































































































































Balance
 June&nbsp;30
 2016



597









725
















































































































Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense of $502





































Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax expense of $737


































































































































































































Balance
 June&nbsp;29
 2017



597









801
















































































































Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense of $280





































Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax expense of $127





































Equity award exercises
 net of shares withheld for employee taxes




















































































































Balance
 June&nbsp;28
 2018



597









865






































































 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 2018
&nbsp;June 29
 2017 and June&nbsp;30
 2016 



















June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2018


June&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2017


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


















































Loss on disposition of properties
 net














































Change in assets and liabilities
 net of Acquisition:













Accounts receivable
 net




























































































































Other
 net











































































Purchases of property
 plant and equipment































Other
 net















































































































































































































































Cash
 beginning of period






























Cash
 end of period





























































Income taxes paid
 excluding refunds of $40
 $232
 and $168
 respectively
















 investing
activities:













Acquisition of Squirrel Brand L.P. through note payable
 see Note 6














 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 except per share data) 
Basis
Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of John B.
Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc.
 and our wholly-owned subsidiary
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC. Our fiscal year ends on the last Thursday of June each year
 weeks (four thirteen-week
quarters). However
 the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2016 consisted of fifty-three weeks with our fourth quarter containing fourteen weeks. The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related footnotes are presented in accordance with
We are one of the leading processors and distributors of
peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts

 Orchard Valley Harvest
 Squirrel Brand
 Southern Style Nuts
Sunshine Country

 and in most cases
 manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 cashew butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 snack
bites
 sunflower kernels
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under private brands and brand names. Our products are sold through the major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food
retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 and contract packaging customers. 

assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for customer
deductions
 the quantity of bulk inventories
 the evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets
 the assumptions used in estimating the retirement plan liability and pension expense
 and the realizability of deferred tax assets. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. 

 less allowances for doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated cash discounts and
 identified customers
will become credit risks. Account balances are charged off against the allowance when we conclude that it is probable the receivable will not be recovered. The reserve for estimated cash discounts is based on historical experience. The reserve for
customer deductions represents known customer short payments and an estimate of future credit memos that will be issued to customers related to rebates and allowances for marketing and promotions based on agreed upon programs and historical
Inventories
 which consist
principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products

 and net
realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. Inventory costs are reviewed at least quarterly.
Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews and other nuts may affect the value of inventory
 gross profit and gross profit margin. When net realizable values move below costs
 we record adjustments to write down

 and net realizable value. The results of our shelling process can also result in changes to
inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus expected crop yields. We maintain significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based on our
inventory systems and are subject to quarterly physical verification techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen-month
period
Property
 Plant and Equipment 

 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Major improvements that extend the useful life
 add capacity or add functionality are capitalized and charged
to expense through depreciation. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense as incurred. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is recognized currently
in operating income. 
 


 



















June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2018


June&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2017


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016












































































No interest costs were capitalized for the last three fiscal years due to the lack of any significant project requiring such
We use the
acquisition method in accounting for acquired businesses. Under the acquisition method
 our financial statements reflect the operations of an acquired business starting from the completion of the acquisition. The assets acquired and liabilities
assumed are recorded at their respective estimated fair values at the date of the acquisition. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. 
We operate in a single reporting unit
Impairment of Long-Lived
We review held and used long-lived assets
 including our rental investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets (e.g.
customer relationships and brand names)
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such events
occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best
estimate of future cash flows derived from the most recent business projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair value. 

Goodwill currently represents the excess of the
purchase price over the fair value of the net assets from our acquisition of Squirrel Brand
Goodwill is not
amortized
 but is tested annually as of the last day of each fiscal year for impairment
 or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of the reporting unit is greater than its fair
value. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may include deterioration in general economic conditions
 adverse changes in the markets in which we operate
 increases in
input costs that have negative effects on earnings and cash flows
 or a trend of negative or declining cash flows over multiple periods
 among others. The fair value that could be realized in an actual transaction may differ from that used to
In testing goodwill for impairment
 we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the
existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not (more than 50%) that the estimated fair value of our single reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we elect to perform a qualitative
assessment and determine that an impairment is more likely than not
 we are then required to perform a quantitative impairment test
 otherwise no further analysis is required. We also may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment and
 instead
proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. 
 



 various events and circumstances that would affect the estimated fair
value of our single reporting unit are identified (similar to impairment indicators above).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;During fiscal 2018 we elected to perform qualitative impairment test which indicated no indicators of goodwill impairment. 

 the evaluation of impairment involves comparing the current fair value of our single reporting unit to its
carrying value
 including goodwill. We estimate the fair value using level 3 inputs as defined by the fair value hierarchy. The inputs used to calculate the fair value include several subjective factors
 such as estimates of future cash flows
estimates of our future cost structure
 discount rates for our estimated cash flows
 required level of working capital
 assumed terminal value
 and time horizon of cash flow forecasts. If the carrying value of our single reporting unit exceeds its
fair value
Facility Consolidation
In April 2005
 we acquired property to be used for the Elgin Site. Two buildings are located on the Elgin Site
 one
of which is an office building. Approximately 63% of the rentable area in the office building is currently vacant
 The other building
 a warehouse
 was
expanded and modified for use as our principal processing facility and headquarters. The allocation of the purchase price to the two buildings was determined through a third-party appraisal. The value assigned to the office building is included in
rental investment property on the balance sheet. The value assigned to the warehouse building is included in &#147;Property
 plant and equipment&#148;. 

 net&#148;. Gross rental income and rental
(expense)
 net for the last three fiscal years are as follows: 


















June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2018


June&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2017


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016



















Rental (expense)
 net 






























June&nbsp;27
 2019






June&nbsp;25
 2020






June&nbsp;24
 2021






June&nbsp;30
 2022






June&nbsp;29
 2023

































asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value into
three broad levels: 
















 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in inactive markets.







The carrying values of cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their fair values at June&nbsp;28
2018 and June&nbsp;29
The carrying value of our Credit Facility (as defined in
Note 5 &#150; &#147;Revolving Credit Facility&#148; in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#147;Revolving Credit Facility&#148; below) borrowings approximates fair value at June&nbsp;28
 2018 and June&nbsp;29
 2017 because interest rates
on this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2 criteria)
 the short-term maturity and nature of this balance. In addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent credit risk. 
 



excluding unamortized debt issuance costs: 














June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2018


June&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2017

























The estimated fair value of long-term debt was determined using a market approach based upon Level&nbsp;2 observable inputs
which estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes in the underlying assets securing our
We recognize
revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price is fixed
 delivery has occurred
 and collection is reasonably assured. We sell our products under some arrangements which include
customer contracts which fix the sales price for periods
 which typically can be up to one year
 for some commercial ingredient customers and through specific programs consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing
allowances
 among others
 to consumer customers and commercial ingredient users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the terms of specific arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of rebates and promotion and marketing allowances.
Revenues are also recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product returns have generally been
insignificant. Provisions for returns are reflected as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based upon customer specific circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling costs are included in revenues. 


concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts receivable
 and we attempt to mitigate this risk through our credit evaluation process
 collection terms and through geographical dispersion of sales. Sales to three customers exceeded 10%
of net sales during each of fiscal 2018
 fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. Sales to these customers represented approximately 54%
 53% and 50% of our net sales in fiscal 2018
 fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016
 respectively. Net accounts receivable from these
customers were 62% and 56% of net accounts receivable at June&nbsp;28
 2018 and June&nbsp;29
 2017
Promotion
 Marketing and Advertising
Promotions
 allowances and customer rebates are recorded at the time revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions in sales. Annual
volume rebates are estimated based upon projected volumes for the year
 while promotions and allowances are recorded based upon terms of the actual arrangements. Coupon incentive costs are accrued based on an estimate of redemptions to occur. 

as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2018


June&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2017


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


































 which include freight and other expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in selling expenses. Shipping and
handling costs for the last three fiscal years were as follows: 


















June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2018


June&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2017


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016

































 


 

incurred. Research and development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as follows: 


















June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2018


June&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2017


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016































 as amended by Accounting Standard Update


units (&#147;RSUs&#148;) is generally determined based on the market price of our Common Stock on the date of grant. Beginning in fiscal 2017
 forfeitures are recognized as they occur
 and excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies are recognized as a
We
account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been reported in our financial statements or tax
returns. Such items give rise to differences in the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a
portion of the asset will not be realized. In estimating future tax consequences
 we consider all expected future events other than changes in tax law or rates. 
 process. The first step is recognition
where we evaluate whether an individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. For tax
positions that are currently estimated to have a less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold in the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the
benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates with regard to
individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are recorded in results of operations and financial position in the period in which such changes occur. 

We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering our historical taxable income and future taxable income based
upon the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&nbsp;28
 2018
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $112 of net basis differences for which we have provided a valuation allowance. 
Basic earnings per common share are
calculated using the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue Common
The following table presents the reconciliation of the
weighted average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted earnings per share: 


















June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2018


June&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2017


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016






383





317





233




















































449





403





332

















 



per share: 


















June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2018


June&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2017


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016






























We
account for comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic 220
. This topic establishes standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its components in a full set of general-purpose financial
statements. The topic requires that all components of comprehensive income be reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same prominence as other financial statements. This topic also requires all
 changes in stockholders&#146; equity be presented in either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. This guidance also requires
presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes and information about significant amounts required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other
comprehensive income in their entirety. For amounts not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 we provide a cross-reference to other disclosures that offer additional details about those amounts. 
The following recent
In March 2018
 the FASB issued ASU
. These amendments add SEC guidance to the FASB
pursuant to the issuance of SAB 118 which was issued by the SEC in December 2018 to provide immediate guidance for accounting implications of U.S. tax reform which became
effective for the Company on January&nbsp;1
 2018. The amendments are effective upon addition to the FASB Codification. Disclosures related to the effect of the 

Compensation&#151;Retirement Benefits (Topic 715):
Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost
periodic benefit cost and be presented in the same line items as other employee compensation costs. All other components of net periodic benefit cost (interest cost
 amortization of prior service cost and amortization of unrecognized loss) must be
presented in the income statement separately from the service cost component and outside a subtotal of income from operations. The amendments in this update also allow only the service cost component to be eligible for capitalization when applicable
(for example
 as a cost of internally manufactured inventory or a self-constructed asset). This update is effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those annual
periods. Early adoption is permitted as long as it is early adopted in the first interim period of an annual year and financial statements have not been issued or made available for issuance prior to adoption. The amendments in this update should be
applied using a retrospective transition method
 however
 in the first quarter of fiscal 2018.
Service cost continues to be presented as a component of Administrative expense while the remaining components of net periodic benefit cost (interest cost
 amortization of prior service cost and amortization of unrecognized loss) are now presented
below the caption Other expense on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Adoption of this update required a reclassification of $2
133 and $1
850 for fiscal years 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 from Administrative expense to Other
In October 2016
Consolidation (Topic 810): Interests Held
 and affects reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate a variable interest






 less
reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. When evidence exists that the net realizable value of inventory is lower than its cost
 the difference shall be recognized as a loss in earnings in the period in which it
occurs. That loss may be required
 for example
 due to damage
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 changes in price levels
 or other causes. This update became effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2018 with prospective application
required. The adoption of ASU 
 


 
Compensation- Stock Compensation (Topic 718) Improvements to
Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting
of Topic 718 to nonemployee awards except for specific guidance on inputs to an option pricing model and the attribution of cost (that is
 the period of time over which share-based payment awards vest and the pattern of cost recognition over that
period). The amendments specify that Topic 718 applies to all share-based payment transactions in which a grantor acquires goods or services to be used or consumed in a grantor&#146;s own operations by issuing share-based payment awards. The
amendments also clarify that Topic 718 does not apply to share-based payments used to effectively provide (1)&nbsp;financing to the issuer or (2)&nbsp;awards granted in conjunction with selling goods or services to customers as part of a contract
accounted for under Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2018
 including interim periods within that fiscal
year. Early adoption is permitted
 but no earlier than an entity&#146;s adoption date of Topic 606. This update is effective beginning in fiscal 2020 and
 based on our historical use of share-based payment awards
 we do not expect this update to
In February 2018
 the FASB issued ASU
. The amendments in
this Update allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The amendments in this Update also require certain disclosures about
stranded tax effects. The amendments in this Update are effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2018
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments in this Update is permitted
including adoption in any interim period for public business entities for reporting periods for which financial statements have not yet been issued. The amendments in this Update should be applied either in the period of adoption or retrospectively
to each period (or periods) in which the effect of the change in the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is recognized. This update is effective beginning in fiscal 2020 and we do not expect this update to have a
In May 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 
&#148;. The amendments in this update provide guidance about which changes to terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to
 will be effective for the Company in fiscal 2019 and should be applied prospectively to an award modified on or after the adoption date. The Company does
In January 2017
 the
. The purpose of this update is to reduce the cost
and complexity of evaluating goodwill for impairment. It eliminates the need for entities to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill by assigning the fair value of a reporting unit to all of its assets and liabilities as if that reporting unit
had been acquired in a business combination
 commonly referred to as &#147;Step 2&#148;. Under this amendment
 an entity will perform its goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An
impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit&#146;s fair value. This update is effective beginning in fiscal 2021. We do not expect this update to have a material impact on our Consolidated
In August 2016
Statement of Cash Flows (Topic
230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments
public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2017
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an
interim period
 any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The amendments in this update
should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. The Company does not expect a material impact to our statement of cash flows once ASU 

Financial Instruments&#151;Credit Losses (Topic 326):
Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments
commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at each reporting date. The amendments in this update replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires
consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. The amendments in this update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2019
 and interim


 



Leases
(Topic 842)
 both operating and finance
 by initially recording a lease asset and liability on the balance sheet at the lease commencement date.
Additionally
 is effective for public business entities for annual periods
 including interim periods within those annual
periods
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 the guidance
was be adopted using a modified retrospective approach
 with elective reliefs
 with application of the new guidance for all periods presented. In July 2018
Leases
(Topic 842): Targeted Improvements
retained earnings in the period of adoption. The amendments in this update also provide lessors with a practical expedient
 by class of underlying asset
 components from the
associated lease component
 similar to the expedient provided for lessees. In July 2018
Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 Leases
 Based on our current portfolio of leases
 the Company expects the impact of these new standards to significantly increase total assets and
total liabilities
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU
&#148; and created a new ASC Topic 606
 


 The guidance in this update supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605
 Revenue Recognition
 and most
industry-specific guidance throughout the industry topics of the codification. Under the new guidance
 an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Several other amendments have been subsequently released
 each of which provide additional narrow scope clarifications or improvements. In August 2015
 the FASB
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 for
one year. Consequently
 this new revenue recognition guidance will be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2019
 which is our anticipated adoption date. We have completed our analysis of this accounting standard update which included a
review of all material customer contracts and sales incentives. On June&nbsp;29
 in fiscal
2019 is not expected to have a material impact on our revenue recognition compared to previous GAAP. 















June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2018


June&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2017















and finished goods












































 2017
 we acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities (the &#147;Acquisition&#148;) of Squirrel Brand L.P. (&#147;Squirrel
Brand&#148;) for a purchase price of $31
500. After giving effect to the working capital adjustments
 the purchase price was $33
227
 of which a net cash payment of $21
727 was made and $11
500 was financed by the seller through a three-year
unsecured promissory note (the &#147;Promissory Note&#148;). The cash portion of the acquisition price was funded from our Credit Facility
 as defined below. 
Squirrel
 brands. Prior to the Acquisition
 Squirrel Brand was a customer in our Contract Packaging sales channel for fourteen years. The Acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination in accordance with
ASC Topic 805
 &#147;Business Combinations&#148;. As a result of the Acquisition
 we expanded our customer base and branded product portfolio
 as well as increased our customer reach
 especially into alternative distribution channels. 
 



follows: 





















































































The customer relationship assets represent the value of the long-term strategic relationship the Squirrel Brand business has
with its significant customers
 which we are amortizing over a weighted-average life of 7.5 years. The assets were valued using an income approach
 specifically the &#147;multi-period excess earnings&#148; method
 which identifies an estimated
stream of revenues and expenses for a particular group of assets from which deductions of portions of the projected economic benefits
 attributable to assets other than the subject asset (contributory assets)
 are deducted in order to isolate the
The brand name assets
 names. We applied the income approach through a relief from royalty method analysis to determine the fair value of the brand name assets. We are amortizing
 agreement is being amortized on
Goodwill
 which is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes
 arises from intangible assets that do not
qualify for separate recognition and expected synergies from combining the operations of Squirrel Brand with the Company. There were no material contingencies recognized or unrecognized associated with the acquired business. 

This pro forma information does not purport to represent what the Company&#146;s actual results would have been if the Acquisition had occurred as of the date indicated or what such results would be for any future periods. 















June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2018


June&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2017



































These unaudited pro forma results have been calculated after applying our accounting policies and adjusting the results of the
Squirrel Brand business to reflect elimination of transaction costs and to record additional amortization and interest expense that would have been charged
 assuming the fair value adjustment to intangible assets since July&nbsp;1
 2016
 net of
related income taxes in respect of pro forma net income and diluted earnings per share performance. Transaction costs of $500
 already recorded in Administrative expenses
 are excluded from the pro forma net income for the year ended June&nbsp;28
Net sales of approximately $25
422 since the Acquisition closed on November&nbsp;30
 2017 are included in our consolidated financial
results as of June&nbsp;28
Since the Acquisition


 


 















June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2018


June&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2017














































Total intangible assets
 gross





















































































































Customer relationships relate to the Squirrel Brand acquisition completed in fiscal 2018 and the Orchard Valley Harvest
(&#147;OVH&#148;) acquisition completed in fiscal 2010. The customer relationships resulting from the OVH acquisition were fully amortized in fiscal 2017. The brand names consist primarily of the 
 brand name
 brand name was fully amortized in fiscal 2011. The remainder of the brand name relates to the OVH acquisition which was
Total amortization expense
related to intangible assets
 which is classified in administrative expense in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 



















June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2018


June&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2017


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016















































June&nbsp;27
 2019






June&nbsp;25
 2020






June&nbsp;24
 2021






June&nbsp;30
 2022






June&nbsp;29
 2023





Our net goodwill of $9
650 relates entirely to the Squirrel Brand acquisition completed in fiscal 2018. The changes in the
carrying amount of goodwill during the two fiscal years ended June&nbsp;28
 2018 are as follows: 








Gross goodwill balance at July&nbsp;1
 2016



















Net balance at July&nbsp;1
 2016


















Net balance at June&nbsp;28
 2018













 2008
 we entered into a Credit Agreement with a bank group (the &#147;Bank Lenders&#148;) providing a $117
500 revolving loan commitment
and letter of credit subfacility (the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;). The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all our assets other than real property and fixtures. 
 



 2018 and June&nbsp;29
 2017
 the weighted average interest rate for the Credit Facility was
3.90% and 3.11%
 respectively. The terms of the Credit Facility contain covenants that require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 acquisitions and certain sales of assets
 cash dividends
 redemptions of capital stock and prepayment of
indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among other things
 is of a subordinate debt). If loan availability under the Borrowing Base Calculation falls below $25
000
 we will be required to maintain a specified fixed charge coverage ratio
 tested on a
monthly basis. All cash received from customers is required to be applied against the Credit Facility. The Bank Lenders are entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations under the Credit Facility in the event of default on the payments
required under the Credit Facility
 a change in control in the ownership of the Company
 with the financial covenant or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under the Credit
Facility (including a default under the Mortgage Facility). As of June&nbsp;28
 2018
 we were in compliance with the financial covenant under the Credit Facility and we currently expect to be in compliance with the financial covenant in the Credit
Facility for the next twelve months. At June&nbsp;28
 2018
 we had $82
972 of available credit under the Credit Facility which reflects borrowings of $31
278 and reduced availability as a result of $3
250 in outstanding letters of credit. We would
On July&nbsp;7
 2017
 we entered
into the Eighth Amendment to our Credit Facility which eliminated the quarterly restriction on cash dividends and distributions and allows the Company to
 without obtaining lender consent
 make up to four cash dividends or distributions on our stock
per fiscal year
 or purchase
 acquire
 redeem or retire stock in any fiscal year
 in an amount not to exceed $60
000 in the aggregate per fiscal year
 as long as no default or event of default exists and the excess availability under the Credit
Facility remains over $30
000 immediately before and after giving effect to any such dividend
 distribution
On November&nbsp;29
2017
 we entered into the Consent and Ninth Amendment to our Credit Agreement (the &#147;Ninth Amendment&#148;). The Ninth Amendment provides lender consent for us to incur unsecured debt (in particular
 the Promissory Note) in connection with our
acquisition of the Squirrel Brand business
 and for: (i)&nbsp;the incurrence of unsecured debt in connection with the Acquisition and (ii)&nbsp;the Acquisition to constitute a &#147;Permitted Acquisition&#148; under the terms of the Credit
Agreement. The Ninth Amendment also modified our collateral reporting requirements. 















June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29



Mortgage Facility (&#147;Tranche A&#148;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in monthly
installments of $230 including interest at 4.25%&nbsp;per annum with a final payment due March&nbsp;1
 2023











Mortgage Facility (&#147;Tranche B&#148;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in monthly
installments of $57 including interest at 4.25% per annum with a final payment due March&nbsp;1
 2023











Squirrel Brand Seller-Financed Note to a related party
 unsecured
 due in monthly principal
installments of $319 plus interest at 5.5% per annum beginning in January 2018 through November&nbsp;30
 2020










Selma
 Texas facility financing obligation to related parties
 due in monthly installments of $103
through September&nbsp;1
 2031











































Less: Current maturities
 net of unamortized debt issuance costs





















Total long-term debt
 net of unamortized debt issuance costs




















On February&nbsp;7
 2008
 we entered into a Loan Agreement with an insurance company (the &#147;Mortgage Lender&#148;)
providing us with two term loans
 one in the amount of $36
000 (&#147;Tranche A&#148;) and the other in the amount of $9
000 (&#147;Tranche B&#148;)
 for an aggregate amount of $45
000 (the &#147;Mortgage Facility&#148;). The Mortgage Facility is
secured by mortgages on essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina (the &#147;Encumbered Properties&#148;). 

 2018 the interest rate on the Mortgage Facility was fixed at 4.25% per annum. Prior to March&nbsp;1
 2018
 Tranche A accrued interest at a
fixed interest rate of 7.63%&nbsp;per annum
 payable monthly and Tranche B accrued interest
 as reset on March&nbsp;1
 2016
 LIBOR plus 3.50%&nbsp;per
annum or (ii)&nbsp;4.25%
The terms of the Mortgage Facility contain covenants that require us to maintain a specified net worth of
$110
000 and maintain the Encumbered Properties. The Mortgage Lender is entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations under the Mortgage Facility in the event we default in the payments required under the Mortgage Facility


 2018
 we were in compliance with all financial covenants under the Mortgage
Facility. The carrying amount of assets pledged as collateral for the Mortgage Facility was approximately $71
427 at June&nbsp;28
 2018. 
 



 we sold our Selma
 Texas properties to two related party partnerships for $14
300 and are
leasing them back. The selling price was determined by an independent appraiser to be the fair market value which also approximated our carrying value. The lease for the Selma
 Texas properties had an initial
 term at a fair market value rent with three five-year renewal options. Also
 we currently have the option to purchase the properties from the partnerships at 95% (100% in certain circumstances) of the
then fair market value
 but not to be less than the $14
300 purchase price. The financing obligation is being accounted for similar to the accounting for a capital lease
 whereby the purchase price was recorded as a debt obligation
 as the
provisions of the arrangement are not eligible for sale-leaseback accounting. In September 2015
 we signed a lease renewal which exercised two five-year renewal options and extended the term of our Selma lease to September&nbsp;18
 2026 (unless we
purchase it before such date). One five-year renewal option remains. During fiscal 2017 the base monthly lease amount was reduced to $103. The balance of the debt obligation outstanding at June&nbsp;28
 2018 was $10
584. 

 we completed the Squirrel Brand acquisition which was financed by a combination of cash (drawn under the Credit Facility) and a three-year
seller-financed note for $11
500 (&#147;Promissory Note&#148;). The principal owner and seller of the Squirrel Brand business was subsequently appointed as an executive officer of the Company and is considered a related party. The Promissory Note is
unsecured
 bears interest at 5.5% per annum and is payable in equal monthly principal payments of $319
 plus interest which began in January 2018. Upon an event of default
 as defined in the Promissory Note
 the interest rate increases to 7.5% until
 the Promissory Note at any time during the three-year period without penalty. At June&nbsp;28
 2018
 the principal amount of $9
264 of the Promissory Note was
outstanding. Interest paid on the Promissory Note for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;28
Aggregate maturities of long-term debt are as
follows for the fiscal years ending: 








June&nbsp;27
 2019






June&nbsp;25
 2020






June&nbsp;24
 2021






June&nbsp;30
 2022






June&nbsp;29
 2023

































 originally known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (&#147;Tax Reform&#148;)
 was enacted on December&nbsp;22
 2017. The changes to U.S. Tax law
include
 among other items
 (i)&nbsp;a reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate from a maximum of 35% to a flat 21%
 (ii) repealing the exception for deductibility of performance-based compensation to covered employees
 along with
expanding the number of covered employees
 and (iii)&nbsp;allowing immediate expensing of machinery and equipment contracted for purchase after September&nbsp;27
 2017. Tax Reform also establishes new tax provisions that will affect our fiscal year
2019
 including



 resulting in a U.S. statutory federal rate of approximately 28% for our fiscal year ending June&nbsp;28
 2018
 and a U.S.
statutory federal rate of 21% for subsequent fiscal years. Our net deferred tax asset balances are recorded at the tax rate expected to be in effect during the period in which the related temporary differences reverse. Therefore
 this reduction in
 increase in income tax expense of
$3
119 during the year ended June&nbsp;28
 2018
 which is approximately $711 more than we initially estimated at the end of our second fiscal quarter. This net measurement period adjustment increased our annual effective tax rate approximately 1.4%.
Our accounting for the income tax effects of Tax Reform are completed as of June&nbsp;28
 2018. 
 



 and
is as follows for the last three fiscal years: 























June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30








































































































































































































The reconciliations of income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate to income tax expense reported in the
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the last three fiscal years are as follows: 


















June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30

















State income taxes
 net of federal benefit










































































































































 in fiscal 2017
 windfall tax benefits are a
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax
consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement basis and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the following:















June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29


















































































































































































 



 management considers whether it is more likely than not
that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income of the character necessary during the periods in which those
temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and carryforward periods)
 projected future taxable income


 the tax benefits relating to any
For the years ending June&nbsp;28
 2018 and June&nbsp;29
2017
 unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest and penalties were $214 and $173. Accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are not material for any periods presented. Interest and penalties within income tax expense
were not material for any period presented. The total gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits were $207 and $174 at June&nbsp;28
 2018 and June&nbsp;29
 2017
 respectively. 




















June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30
































































































































Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the annual effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations
 are as follows: 


















June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30
















During fiscal 2018
 the change in unrecognized tax benefits due to statute expiration was not material. We do not anticipate
There were certain changes in state tax laws during the period
the impact of which was insignificant. We file income tax returns with federal and state tax authorities within the United States of America. Our federal and Illinois tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2015 through 2017. Our California tax
NOTE 8 &#151; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
We primarily lease material
handling equipment pursuant to agreements accounted for as operating leases. Rent expense aggregated under these operating leases was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 



















June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2018


June&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2017


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016

































 


 lease commitments under these operating leases
with initial or remaining terms greater than one year are as follows: 














June&nbsp;27
 2019






June&nbsp;25
 2020






June&nbsp;24
 2021





June&nbsp;30
 2022





June&nbsp;29
 2023





























We are
currently a party to various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. While management presently believes that the ultimate outcomes of these proceedings
 individually and in the aggregate
 will not materially affect our financial
position
 results of operations or cash flows
 legal proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties
 and unfavorable outcomes could occur. Unfavorable outcomes could include substantial money damages in excess of any appropriate accruals which
management has established. Were such unfavorable final outcomes to occur
 there exists the possibility of a material adverse effect on our financial position
 results of operations and cash flows. 

 we agreed in principle to a $1.2&nbsp;million settlement for
which we are fully reserved at June&nbsp;28
 components of the settlement including the notice and claims administration were finalized in June 2018. The motion
for final approval is expected to be approved in 
Our Class&nbsp;A
Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the &#147;Class&nbsp;A Stock&#148;)
 has cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of those directors which the holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock are entitled to elect
 and 10 votes per share on all other
matters on which holders of our Class&nbsp;A Stock and Common Stock are entitled to vote
 with the exception of election of the directors for which the holders of Common Stock are eligible to elect. In addition
 each share of Class&nbsp;A Stock is
convertible at the option of the holder at any time into one share of Common Stock and automatically converts into one share of Common Stock upon any sale or transfer other than to related individuals or certain other events as set forth in our
Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Each share of our Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the &#147;Common Stock&#148;) has noncumulative voting rights of one vote per share. The Class&nbsp;A Stock and the Common Stock are entitled to share equally
 on
 basis
 in any cash dividends declared by the Board of Directors
 and the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to elect 25%
 rounded up to the
nearest whole number
 of the members comprising the Board of Directors. During fiscal 2017
 our Board of Directors adopted a dividend policy under which it intends to pay an annual cash dividend on our Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock during the
first quarter of each fiscal year. 

 2014
 our stockholders approved a new equity incentive plan (the &#147;2014 Omnibus Plan&#148;) under
which awards of options and other stock-based awards may be made to employees
 directors of our Company. A total of 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock are authorized for grants of awards
thereunder
 which may be in the form of options
 restricted stock
 RSUs
 stock appreciation rights (&#147;SARs&#148;)
 performance shares
 performance units
 Common Stock or dividends and dividend equivalents. As of June&nbsp;28
 2018
 there were
770
995 shares of Common Stock that remained authorized for future grants of awards
 subject to the limitations set below. Under the terms of the Omnibus Plan
 the total number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which options or SARs may be
granted in any calendar year to any participant may not exceed 500
000 shares (this limit applies separately with respect to each type of award). Additionally
 under the terms of the 2014 Omnibus Plan
 for awards of restricted stock
 RSUs
performance shares or other stock-based awards that are intended to qualify as performance-based compensation: (i)&nbsp;the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be granted in any calendar year to any participant may not exceed 250
000
shares (this limit applies separately to each type of award) and (ii)&nbsp;the maximum amount that may be paid to any participant for awards that are payable in cash or property other than Common Stock in any calendar year is $5
000. During fiscal
2017
 the Board of Directors adopted an equity grant cap which further restricted the number of awards that could be made to any one participant or in the aggregate. The equity grant cap limited the number of awards to 250
000 awards to all
participants and 20
000 awards to any one participant. Except as set forth in the 2014 Omnibus Plan
 RSUs have vesting periods of three years for awards to employees and one year for awards to 
members of the Board of Directors. Recipients of RSUs have the option to defer receipt of vested shares until a specified later date
 typically soon after separation from the Company. The exercise price of stock options is determined as set forth in
the 2014 Omnibus Plan by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors and must be at least the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as 
 



set forth in the 2014 Omnibus Plan
 stock options expire upon termination of employment or directorship
 as applicable. Stock options granted under the 2014 Omnibus Plan are exercisable 25%
annually commencing on the first anniversary date of grant and became fully exercisable on the fourth anniversary date of grant. Options generally will expire no later than ten years after the date on which they were granted. We issue new shares of
We determine the fair value of stock option awards using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model; however
there were no options granted in fiscal 2018
The following is a summary of stock option activity for the year ended
June&nbsp;28
 2018: 


































Outstanding at June&nbsp;29
 2017



























































































Outstanding at June&nbsp;28
 2018



































Exercisable at June&nbsp;28
 2018


































The following table summarizes the total intrinsic value of all options exercised and the total cash received from the
exercise of options for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30






























All options were fully vested as of June&nbsp;30
 2016.&nbsp;Exercise price for options outstanding as of June&nbsp;28
 2018
The fair value of RSUs is generally determined based on the market price of our Common Stock on the date of grant. The fair value of RSUs
granted for the years ended June&nbsp;28
 2018
 June&nbsp;29
 2017 and&nbsp;June 30
 2016 was $3
296
 $2
773 and $3
212
The following is a
summary of RSU activity for the year ended June&nbsp;28
 2018: 




















Outstanding at June&nbsp;29
 2017




















































Outstanding at June&nbsp;28
 2018























The number of RSUs vested includes shares that were withheld on behalf of employees to satisfy statutory tax
At June&nbsp;28
 2018 there were 61
008 RSUs outstanding that were vested but deferred. At June&nbsp;29
 2017
there were 68
 RSUs at June&nbsp;28
 2018 will vest over a weighted-average period of 1.5 years. The fair value of RSUs that vested for the
years ended June&nbsp;28
 2018
 June&nbsp;29
 2017 and&nbsp;June 30
 2016 was $2
680
 $1
910 and $928
 respectively. 
 



total income tax benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30

































At June&nbsp;28
 2018
 there was $3
507 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to

Our Board of Directors
declared the following cash dividends payable in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017: 




























July&nbsp;11
 2017

August&nbsp;2
 2017










August&nbsp;15
 2017

November&nbsp;1
 2016

November&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016










December&nbsp;13
 2016

July&nbsp;7
 2016

July&nbsp;21
 2016










August&nbsp;4
 2016
On July&nbsp;10
 2018
 our Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend of $2.00 per share and a regular annual cash
dividend of $0.55 per share on all issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock of the Company. Refer to Note 19 &#150; &#147;Subsequent Events&#148; below. 
We maintain a
contributory plan established pursuant to the provisions of section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan provides retirement benefits for all nonunion employees meeting minimum age and service requirements. We currently match 100% of the
first three percent contributed by each employee and 50% of the next two percent contributed
 up to certain maximums specified in the plan. Expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 



















June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30



















During the first quarter of fiscal 2009
 we recorded a long-term liability of $868 for the withdrawal from the multiemployer
 drivers that were employed for our store-door delivery system that was discontinued during fiscal 2008. Pursuant to terms of settlement with a labor union
 we
The total Route pension liability was as follows for the last two fiscal
years: 














June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29












Virtually all of our salaried employees participate in our Sanfilippo Value Added Plan (as amended
 the &#147;SVA Plan&#148;)
which is a cash incentive plan (an economic value added-based program) administered by our Compensation Committee. We accrue expense related to the SVA Plan in the annual period that the economic performance underlying such performance occurs. This
method of expense recognition properly matches the expense associated with improved economic performance with the period the improved performance occurs on a systematic and rational basis. The SVA Plan payments
 if any
 are paid to participants in
the first quarter of the following fiscal year. 
 


 

 benefit plan that will
provide eligible participants with monthly benefits upon retirement
 disability or death
 subject to certain conditions. Benefits paid to retirees are based on age at retirement
 years of credited service
 and average compensation. We use our fiscal
 as the measurement date for the obligation calculation. Accounting guidance in ASC Topic 715
 requires the recognition of the funded status of the SERP
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Actuarial gains or losses
 prior service costs or credits and transition obligations that have not yet been recognized are recorded as a component of &#147;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&#148;
(&#147;AOCL&#148;). 















June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29

































































































The accumulated benefit obligation
 which represents benefits earned up to the measurement date
 was $18
582 and $17
774 at
June&nbsp;28
 2018 and June&nbsp;29
 2017
Components of the actuarial (gain) loss portion of the change in projected benefit obligation
are presented below for the fiscal years ended: 


















June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30










































































































































June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30







































































































Significant assumptions related to our SERP include the discount rate used to calculate the actuarial present value of benefit
obligations to be paid in the future
 the average rate of compensation expense increase by SERP participants
 white collar fully generational mortality table with
 was utilized in the preparation of our pension obligation as of June&nbsp;28
 2018. 
 


 















June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29


























base
&nbsp;paid&nbsp;4&nbsp;of&nbsp;5



base
&nbsp;paid&nbsp;4&nbsp;of&nbsp;5





















June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30
















































base




base




base


The assumed discount rate is based
 in part
 upon a discount rate modeling process that considers both high quality long-term
indices and the duration of the SERP plan relative to the durations implicit in the broader indices. The discount rate is utilized principally in calculating the actuarial present value of our obligation and periodic expense pursuant to the SERP. To
the extent the discount rate increases or decreases
 our SERP obligation is decreased or increased
The following table presents the
benefits expected to be paid in the next ten fiscal years: 

















































At June&nbsp;28
 2018 and June&nbsp;29
 2017
 the current portion of the SERP liability was $646 and $647
 respectively
 and
The following table presents the components of AOCL that have not
yet been recognized in net pension expense: 














June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29






































































We expect to recognize $957 of the prior service cost and $95 of net loss into net periodic pension expense during the fiscal
year ending June&nbsp;27
 2019. 
 


 

to our defined benefit pension plan. 














June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29































































































































June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29










































































































Amortization of defined pension items
 net of tax































Amounts in parenthesis indicate debits to expense. See Note 13 &#151; &#147;Retirement Plan&#148; above for
additional details. 

 we also purchased materials from a company that until July 2017 was owned by three members
of our Board of Directors
 two of whom are also executive officers
 and individuals directly related to them. Purchases from this related party aggregated to the following for the years ending: 



















June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2018


June&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2017


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016































Accounts payable to this related entity was $178 at June&nbsp;29
 2017. 
The following
summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of total gross sales. The information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments
 such as promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product types
 for the fiscal
year ended: 


















June&nbsp;28



June&nbsp;29



June&nbsp;30















































































































































 


 



































June&nbsp;28
 2018

























































































































































June&nbsp;29
 2017

























































































































































June&nbsp;30
 2016


























































































































































estimates and caution is required in drawing specific conclusions from quarterly consolidated results. 


































Year Ended June&nbsp;28
 2018:

































































































































































































Year Ended June&nbsp;29
 2017:
































































































































































 2018
 our Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend of $2.00 per share and a regular annual cash dividend of $0.55 per share on all
issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock of the Company (the &#147;August 2018 Dividends&#148;). The August 2018 Dividends will be paid on August&nbsp;17
 2018 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on
August&nbsp;3
 2018. 
 


Item&nbsp;9 &#151; Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
Item&nbsp;9A &#151; Controls and Procedures
Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer (&#147;CEO&#148;) and Chief Financial Officer (&#147;CFO&#148;)
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures
 promulgated under the Exchange Act
 as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on
 Based on this evaluation
 our CEO and CFO concluded that
 as of June&nbsp;28
 2018
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to
be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and is accumulated and reported to our management
 including our CEO
and CFO
Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 we carried out
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June&nbsp;28
 2018
 (2013)&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on this evaluation
 our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June&nbsp;28
 2018. 

 2018 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 an independent
registered public accounting firm
 as stated in their report contained in this Annual Report on Form 


 2018 that have materially
affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
Limitations on the Effectiveness of
Our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 does not expect that the Disclosure Controls and Procedures or our Internal Control over
Financial Reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the control&#146;s objectives will be met. Further
 the design of a
control must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all internal controls
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of
simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the controls. The design of any control is based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or
deterioration in the degree of compliance with associated policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. 
Not applicable
Item&nbsp;10 &#151; Directors
The Sections entitled &#147;Nominees for Election by The Holders of Common Stock
&#148; &#147;Nominees for
Election by The Holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock&#148;
 &#147;Section&nbsp;16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#148; and &#147;Corporate Governance &#151; Board Meetings and Committees &#151; Audit Committee&#148; and &#147;Corporate
Governance &#151; Independence of the Audit Committee&#148; of our Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting and filed pursuant to Regulation 14A are incorporated herein by reference. Other certain information relating to the directors and
We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to the principal
executive
 financial and accounting officers (&#147;Code of Ethics&#148;) and a separate Code of Conduct applicable to all employees and directors generally (&#147;Code of Conduct&#148;). The Code of Ethics and Code of Conduct are available on our
website at 
 


 

 &#147;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&#148;
 &#147;Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation&#148; and &#147;Compensation Committee Report&#148; of our Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting are incorporated herein by reference. 


incorporated herein by reference. Other certain information relating to the directors and executive officers of the Company is included immediately before Part II of this Report. 
Item&nbsp;13 &#151; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence 

our Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting are incorporated herein by reference. Other certain information relating to the directors and executive officers of the Company is included immediately before Part II of this Report. 


PART IV
Item&nbsp;15 &#151; Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules 
The
following financial statements are included in Part II
Report of Independent
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Year Ended June&nbsp;28
 2018
 the Year Ended June&nbsp;29
2017 and the Year Ended June&nbsp;30
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June&nbsp;28
 2018 and June&nbsp;29
 2017 

 2018
 the Year Ended June&nbsp;29
 2017 and the Year Ended June&nbsp;30
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended June&nbsp;28
 2018
 the Year Ended June&nbsp;29
 2017 and the Year Ended June&nbsp;30
 2016
(a)
All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the
Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 
 and filed herewith are listed in the Exhibit Index which
follows the signature page and immediately precedes the exhibits filed. 
(c) Financial Statement
Schedules 


 


 

















10-Q

 2005)






 for
 the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;25
 2015)






 for the quarter ended September&nbsp;24
 1998)






 for
 the quarter ended December&nbsp;28
 2000)






Amended and Restated John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;
&amp; Son
 Inc. Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement Number Two among Michael J. Valentine
 as trustee of the Valentine Life Insurance Trust
 Mathias Valentine
 Mary Valentine and the Company
 dated December&nbsp;
31
 for the quarter ended December&nbsp;25
 2003)






Amendment
 dated February&nbsp;12
 2004
 to Amended and Restated John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;
&amp; Son
 Inc. Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement Number Two among Michael J. Valentine
 as trustee of the Valentine Life Insurance Trust
 Mathias Valentine
 Mary Valentine and the Company
 dated December&nbsp;
31
 for the quarter ended March&nbsp;25
 2004)






 for
 the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;28
 2007)






2008 Equity Incentive Plan
 for
 the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;28
 2012)






 filed
 on May&nbsp;5
 2009)






S-8

 2014)








 2016)






(non-deferral)

 for the quarter ended December&nbsp;24
2015)
 

















 Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (deferral) under 2014 Omnibus Plan
 for the quarter ended December&nbsp;24
 2015)






Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Omnibus Plan (fiscal 2016 awards cycle) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit
 for the quarter ended December&nbsp;24
 2015)






Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Omnibus Plan (fiscal 2017 awards cycle) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit
 for the quarter ended December&nbsp;29
 2016)






Form of Employee Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2014 Omnibus Plan (fiscal 2018 awards cycle) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit
 for the quarter ended December&nbsp;28
 2017)






Amended and Restated Sanfilippo Value Added Plan
 dated August&nbsp;20


 2015)






Credit Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;
7
 2008
 by and among the Company
 the financial institutions named therein as lenders
 Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC (&#147;WFF&#148;)
 as the arranger and administrative agent for the lenders
 and Wachovia Capital Finance Corporation (Central)
 in its capacity
 filed on February&nbsp;8
 2008)






Security Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;
7
 2008
 by the Company in favor of WFF
 filed on February&nbsp;8
 2008)






Loan Agreement
 dated as of February&nbsp;
7
 2008
 filed on February&nbsp;8
2008)






First Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated as of March&nbsp;
8
 2010
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent and Burdale Financial Limited


 2017)






Second Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated as of July&nbsp;
15
 2011
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA for itself and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA
 as a lender (incorporated
 filed on July&nbsp;18
 2011)






Third Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated as of October&nbsp;
31
 2011
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA
 for itself and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA
 as a lender (incorporated
 for the quarter ended September&nbsp;29
 2011)






Consent and Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated as of January&nbsp;
22
 2013
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA
 for itself and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA
 as a lender (incorporated
 filed on February&nbsp;4
 2013)
 

















Consent and Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated as of December&nbsp;
16
 2013
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA
 for itself and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA
 as a lender (incorporated
 filed on December&nbsp;17
 2013)






Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated as of September&nbsp;
30
 2014
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA


 2014)






Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated as of July&nbsp;7
 2016
 by and among John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;
&amp; Son
 Inc.
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and the administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA


 2016)






Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated as of July&nbsp;7
 2017
 by and among John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;
&amp; Son
 Inc.
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and the administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA


 2017)






Consent and Ninth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of November&nbsp;29
 2017
 by and among John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;
&amp; Son
 Inc.
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and the administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA


 2017)






First Amendment to Security Agreement
 dated as of September&nbsp;
30
 2014
 by the Company in favor of Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 filed on October&nbsp;
3
 2014)






Employment agreement
 dated as of November&nbsp;
30
 2017
 for the quarter ended December&nbsp;28
 2017)






Code of Ethics
 for the fiscal year
 ended June&nbsp;25
 2015)




















Certification of Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo pursuant to Section&nbsp;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended






Certification of Michael J. Valentine pursuant to Section&nbsp;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended






Certification of Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended






Certification of Michael J. Valentine pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as amended














 












































 


 

 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 














JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC.

























Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 





















(Principal
Executive Officer)


 2018









&nbsp;Group&nbsp;President



 2018








Senior Vice President
 Finance
 Corporate Controller and Treasurer



 2018











 2018











 2018











 2018





/s/ Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.

 Jr.




 2018











 2018











 2018











 2018

 













 
Subsidiaries of John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. 
















JBSS Ventures
 LLC


















 



333-108298
333-154850
 of John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. of
our report dated August&nbsp;22
 2018 relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 which appears in this Form 
Chicago
 Illinois 

 2018 













 
I
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 certify
that: 



 of John B.
Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;28
 2018; 



Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 




Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 




Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 




Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal
control over financial reporting; and 



The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 








































 
I
 Michael J. Valentine
 certify
that: 



 of John B.
Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;28
 2018; 



Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 




Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 




Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 




Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal
control over financial reporting; and 



The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 


























 Group President and Secretary














 
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 
for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;28
 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
 certify
 pursuant to 18
U.S.C. &#167;&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
1.&nbsp;The Report fully
2.&nbsp;The information contained in the Report
fairly presents
 in all material respects
August&nbsp;22
 2018 








































 
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 
for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;28
 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Michael J. Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary
 certify
 pursuant to 18
U.S.C. &#167;&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that based on my knowledge: 



The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 



The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and
August&nbsp;22
 2018 

























 Group President and Secretary




















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Promotion
 Marketing and Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Promotions
 allowances and customer rebates are recorded at the
 time revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions in
 sales. Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon projected
 volumes for the year
 while promotions and allowances are recorded
 based upon terms of the actual arrangements. Coupon incentive costs
 are accrued based on an estimate of redemptions to occur.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Marketing and advertising costs are incurred to promote and support
 branded products in the consumer distribution channel. These costs
 are generally expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Marketing and advertising expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
064&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Business Combinations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We use the acquisition method in accounting for acquired
 businesses. Under the acquisition method
 our financial statements
 reflect the operations of an acquired business starting from the
 completion of the acquisition. The assets acquired and liabilities
 assumed are recorded at their respective estimated fair values at
 the date of the acquisition. Any excess of the purchase price over
 the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired
 is recorded as goodwill.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following reflects the unaudited pro forma results of
 operations of the Company as if the Acquisition had taken place at
 the beginning of fiscal 2017. This pro forma information does not
 purport to represent what the Company&amp;#x2019;s actual results would
 have been if the Acquisition had occurred as of the date indicated
 or what such results would be for any future periods.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;Year-Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year-Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Pro forma net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;893
740&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;863
267&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Pro forma net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
723&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Pro forma diluted earnings per share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.88&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 3 &amp;#x2013; ACQUISITION OF SQUIRREL BRAND L.P.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 On November&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 we acquired certain assets and assumed
 certain liabilities (the &amp;#x201C;Acquisition&amp;#x201D;) of Squirrel
 Brand L.P. (&amp;#x201C;Squirrel Brand&amp;#x201D;) for a purchase price of
 $31
500. After giving effect to the working capital adjustments
 the purchase price was $33
227
 of which a net cash payment of
 $21
727 was made and $11
500 was financed by the seller through a
 three-year unsecured promissory note (the &amp;#x201C;Promissory
 Note&amp;#x201D;). The cash portion of the acquisition price was funded
 from our Credit Facility
 as defined below.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Squirrel Brand business is one of the nation&amp;#x2019;s leading
 suppliers of indulgent and premium roasted nuts and snack mixes
 under its &lt;i&gt;Squirrel Brand&lt;/i&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Southern Style Nuts&lt;/i&gt;
 brands. Prior to the Acquisition
 Squirrel Brand was a customer in
 our Contract Packaging sales channel for fourteen years. The
 Acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination in
 accordance with ASC Topic 805
 &amp;#x201C;Business Combinations&amp;#x201D;.
 As a result of the Acquisition
 we expanded our customer base and
 branded product portfolio
 as well as increased our customer reach
 especially into alternative distribution channels.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The total purchase price has been allocated to the fair values of
 the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
362&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Identifiable intangible assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
900&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;Non-compete&lt;/font&gt; agreement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;270&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total Purchase Price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
227&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The customer relationship assets represent the value of the
 long-term strategic relationship the Squirrel Brand business has
 with its significant customers
 which we are amortizing over a
 weighted-average life of 7.5 years. The assets were valued using an
 income approach
 specifically the &amp;#x201C;multi-period excess
 earnings&amp;#x201D; method
 which identifies an estimated stream of
 revenues and expenses for a particular group of assets from which
 deductions of portions of the projected economic benefits
 attributable to assets other than the subject asset (contributory
 assets)
 are deducted in order to isolate the prospective earnings
 of the subject asset. This value is considered a level 3
 measurement under the GAAP fair value hierarchy.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The brand name assets represent the value of the established
 &lt;i&gt;Squirrel Brand&lt;/i&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Southern Style Nuts&lt;/i&gt; names. We
 applied the income approach through a relief from royalty method
 analysis to determine the fair value of the brand name assets. We
 are amortizing the brand name assets over a weighted-average life
 of 13.8 years.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;non-compete&lt;/font&gt; agreement
 is being amortized on a straight-line basis over five years.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Goodwill
 which is expected to be deductible for income tax
 purposes
 arises from intangible assets that do not qualify for
 separate recognition and expected synergies from combining the
 operations of Squirrel Brand with the Company. There were no
 material contingencies recognized or unrecognized associated with
 the acquired business.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following reflects the unaudited pro forma results of
 operations of the Company as if the Acquisition had taken place at
 the beginning of fiscal 2017. This pro forma information does not
 purport to represent what the Company&amp;#x2019;s actual results would
 have been if the Acquisition had occurred as of the date indicated
 or what such results would be for any future periods.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;Year-Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year-Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Pro forma net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;893
740&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;863
267&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Pro forma net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
995&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
723&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Pro forma diluted earnings per share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.88&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 These unaudited pro forma results have been calculated after
 applying our accounting policies and adjusting the results of the
 Squirrel Brand business to reflect elimination of transaction costs
 and to record additional amortization and interest expense that
 would have been charged
 assuming the fair value adjustment to
 intangible assets since July&amp;#xA0;1
 2016
 net of related income
 taxes in respect of pro forma net income and diluted earnings per
 share performance. Transaction costs of $500
 already recorded in
 Administrative expenses
 are excluded from the pro forma net income
 for the year ended June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 stated above.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net sales of approximately $25
422 since the Acquisition closed on
 November&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 are included in our consolidated financial
 results as of June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Since the Acquisition
 we continue to operate in a single operating
 segment that consists of selling various nut and &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;nut-related&lt;/font&gt; products through three
 sales distribution channels.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 8 &amp;#x2014; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We primarily lease material handling equipment pursuant to
 agreements accounted for as operating leases. Rent expense
 aggregated under these operating leases was as follows for the last
 three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rent expense related to operating leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
775&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Aggregate &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-cancelable&lt;/font&gt;
 lease commitments under these operating leases with initial or
 remaining terms greater than one year are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal year ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
405&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
199&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;904&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;762&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;494&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Litigation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We are currently a party to various legal proceedings in the
 ordinary course of business. While management presently believes
 that the ultimate outcomes of these proceedings
 individually and
 in the aggregate
 will not materially affect our financial
 position
 results of operations or cash flows
 legal proceedings
 are subject to inherent uncertainties
 and unfavorable outcomes
 could occur. Unfavorable outcomes could include substantial money
 damages in excess of any appropriate accruals which management has
 established. Were such unfavorable final outcomes to occur
 there
 exists the possibility of a material adverse effect on our
 financial position
 results of operations and cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We are subject to a class-action complaint for an employment
 related matter. In August 2017
 we agreed in principle to a
 $1.2&amp;#xA0;million settlement for which we are fully reserved at
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;The &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-monetary&lt;/font&gt; components of the
 settlement including the notice and claims administration were
 finalized in June 2018. The motion for final approval is expected
 to be approved in &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;mid-August&lt;/font&gt; 2018 and final payment is
 expected during the first quarter of fiscal 2019.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 12 &amp;#x2014; EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We maintain a contributory plan established pursuant to the
 provisions of section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan
 provides retirement benefits for all nonunion employees meeting
 minimum age and service requirements. We currently match 100% of
 the first three percent contributed by each employee and 50% of the
 next two percent contributed
 up to certain maximums specified in
 the plan. Expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the last
 three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 401(k) plan expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
604&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2009
 we recorded a long-term
 liability of $868 for the withdrawal from the multiemployer plan
 (&amp;#x201C;Route pension&amp;#x201D;) for the &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;step-van&lt;/font&gt; drivers that were employed
 for our store-door delivery system that was discontinued during
 fiscal 2008. Pursuant to terms of settlement with a labor union
 we
 are making monthly payments of $8 (including interest) through
 April 2022.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The total Route pension liability was as follows for the last two
 fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Route pension liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;323&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Virtually all of our salaried employees participate in our
 Sanfilippo Value Added Plan (as amended
 the &amp;#x201C;SVA
 Plan&amp;#x201D;) which is a cash incentive plan (an economic value
 added-based program) administered by our Compensation Committee. We
 accrue expense related to the SVA Plan in the annual period that
 the economic performance underlying such performance occurs. This
 method of expense recognition properly matches the expense
 associated with improved economic performance with the period the
 improved performance occurs on a systematic and rational basis. The
 SVA Plan payments
 if any
 are paid to participants in the first
 quarter of the following fiscal year.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 14 &amp;#x2014; ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The table below sets forth the changes to accumulated other
 comprehensive loss (&amp;#x201C;AOCL&amp;#x201D;) for the last two fiscal
 years. These changes are all related to our defined benefit pension
 plan.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;Changes to AOCL&lt;/b&gt; &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
425&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income before reclassifications&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;511&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
938&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
119&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
239&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net current-period other comprehensive income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
223&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
021&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
181&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate debits/expense.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss
 for the last two fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassifications from AOCL to earnings&lt;/b&gt;
 &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Affected&amp;#xA0;line&amp;#xA0;item&amp;#xA0;in&amp;#xA0;the&lt;br /&gt;
 Consolidated&amp;#xA0;Statements&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive&amp;#xA0;Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined benefit pension items:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Other&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Other expense&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total before tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
119&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;280&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;502&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Income&amp;#xA0;tax&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined pension items
 net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(839&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(820&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate debits to expense. See
 Note 13 &amp;#x2014; &amp;#x201C;Retirement Plan&amp;#x201D; above for additional
 details.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We account for comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic
 220
 &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/i&gt;. This topic establishes standards
 for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its
 components in a full set of general-purpose financial statements.
 The topic requires that all components of comprehensive income be
 reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same
 prominence as other financial statements. This topic also requires
 all &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-owner&lt;/font&gt; changes in
 stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity be presented in either a single
 continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but
 consecutive statements. This guidance also requires presentation by
 the respective line items of net income
 either on the face of the
 statement where net income is presented or in the notes and
 information about significant amounts required under U.S. GAAP to
 be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income in
 their entirety. For amounts not required to be reclassified in
 their entirety to net income
 we provide a cross-reference to other
 disclosures that offer additional details about those amounts.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 10 &amp;#x2014; STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 At our annual meeting of stockholders on October&amp;#xA0;29
 2014
 our
 stockholders approved a new equity incentive plan (the &amp;#x201C;2014
 Omnibus Plan&amp;#x201D;) under which awards of options and other
 stock-based awards may be made to employees
 officers or
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-employee&lt;/font&gt; directors of
 our Company. A total of 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock are
 authorized for grants of awards thereunder
 which may be in the
 form of options
 restricted stock
 RSUs
 stock appreciation rights
 (&amp;#x201C;SARs&amp;#x201D;)
 performance shares
 performance units
 Common
 Stock or dividends and dividend equivalents. As of June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018
 there were 770
995 shares of Common Stock that remained
 authorized for future grants of awards
 subject to the limitations
 set below. Under the terms of the Omnibus Plan
 the total number of
 shares of Common Stock with respect to which options or SARs may be
 granted in any calendar year to any participant may not exceed
 500
000 shares (this limit applies separately with respect to each
 type of award). Additionally
 under the terms of the 2014 Omnibus
 Plan
 for awards of restricted stock
 RSUs
 performance shares or
 other stock-based awards that are intended to qualify as
 performance-based compensation: (i)&amp;#xA0;the total number of shares
 of Common Stock that may be granted in any calendar year to any
 participant may not exceed 250
000 shares (this limit applies
 separately to each type of award) and (ii)&amp;#xA0;the maximum amount
 that may be paid to any participant for awards that are payable in
 cash or property other than Common Stock in any calendar year is
 $5
000. During fiscal 2017
 the Board of Directors adopted an
 equity grant cap which further restricted the number of awards that
 could be made to any one participant or in the aggregate. The
 equity grant cap limited the number of awards to 250
000 awards to
 all participants and 20
000 awards to any one participant. Except
 as set forth in the 2014 Omnibus Plan
 RSUs have vesting periods of
 three years for awards to employees and one year for awards to
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-employee&lt;/font&gt; members of
 the Board of Directors. Recipients of RSUs have the option to defer
 receipt of vested shares until a specified later date
 typically
 soon after separation from the Company. The exercise price of stock
 options is determined as set forth in the 2014 Omnibus Plan by the
 Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors and must be at
 least the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of
 grant. Except as set forth in the 2014 Omnibus Plan
 stock options
 expire upon termination of employment or directorship
 as
 applicable. Stock options granted under the 2014 Omnibus Plan are
 exercisable 25% annually commencing on the first anniversary date
 of grant and became fully exercisable on the fourth anniversary
 date of grant. Options generally will expire no later than ten
 years after the date on which they were granted. We issue new
 shares of Common Stock upon exercise of stock options.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We determine the fair value of stock option awards using the
 Black-Scholes option-pricing model; however
 there were no options
 granted in fiscal 2018
 fiscal 2017 or fiscal 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following is a summary of stock option activity for the year
 ended June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term&amp;#xA0;in&amp;#xA0;Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.74&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the total intrinsic value of all
 options exercised and the total cash received from the exercise of
 options for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total intrinsic value of options exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;792&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total cash received from exercise of options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 All options were fully vested as of June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016.&amp;#xA0;Exercise price for options outstanding as of
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 was $8.71.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The fair value of RSUs is generally determined based on the market
 price of our Common Stock on the date of grant. The fair value of
 RSUs granted for the years ended June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 and&amp;#xA0;June 30
 2016 was $3
296
 $2
773 and $3
212
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following is a summary of RSU activity for the year ended
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: table-cell&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Restricted Stock Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Grant-Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;201
858&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40.36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
582&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54.41&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(73
372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36.52&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;189
068&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46.35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=left&gt;The number of RSUs vested includes shares that were
 withheld on behalf of employees to satisfy statutory tax
 withholding requirements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 At June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 there were 61
008 RSUs outstanding that were
 vested but deferred. At June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 there were 68
673 RSUs
 outstanding that were vested but deferred. The &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-vested&lt;/font&gt; RSUs at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018
 will vest over a weighted-average period of 1.5 years. The fair
 value of RSUs that vested for the years ended June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 and&amp;#xA0;June 30
 2016 was $2
680
 $1
910 and
 $928
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes compensation cost charged to
 earnings for all equity compensation plans and the total income tax
 benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation cost charged to earnings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
796&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
489&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax benefit recognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;895&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 At June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018
 there was $3
507 of total unrecognized
 compensation cost related to &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-vested&lt;/font&gt; share-based compensation
 arrangements granted under our stock-based compensation plans. We
 expect to recognize that cost over a weighted-average period of 1.5
 years.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share are calculated using the weighted
 average number of shares of Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock
 outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects
 the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other
 contracts to issue Common Stock were exercised or converted into
 Common Stock or resulted in the issuance of Common Stock.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted
 average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted
 earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
383
080&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
317
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
233
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options and restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
306&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
456&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
449
386&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
403
605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
332
924&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive awards
 excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
068&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average exercise price per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65.35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Our Board of Directors declared the following cash dividends
 payable in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=31%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=28%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Declaration Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Record Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dividend&amp;#xA0;Per&lt;br /&gt;
 Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;br /&gt;
 Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Payment Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 July&amp;#xA0;11
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 August&amp;#xA0;2
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
370&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 August&amp;#xA0;15
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 November&amp;#xA0;1
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 November&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
314&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;13
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 July&amp;#xA0;7
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 July&amp;#xA0;21
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
150&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 August&amp;#xA0;4
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) defines fair value as the price that
 would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
 an orderly transaction between market participants on the
 measurement date. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy
 that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure
 fair value into three broad levels:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=92%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1-&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Quoted prices in active markets that are
 accessible at the measurement date for identical assets and
 liabilities.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2-&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Observable inputs other than quoted prices in
 active markets. For example
 quoted prices for similar assets or
 liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets
 or liabilities in inactive markets.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3-&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Unobservable inputs for which there is little or
 no market data available.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The carrying values of cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts
 payable approximate their fair values at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 and
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 because of the short-term maturities and nature
 of these balances.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The carrying value of our Credit Facility (as defined in Note 5
 &amp;#x2013; &amp;#x201C;Revolving Credit Facility&amp;#x201D; in the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements &amp;#x201C;Revolving Credit
 Facility&amp;#x201D; below) borrowings approximates fair value at
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 and June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 because interest rates on
 this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2
 criteria)
 the short-term maturity and nature of this balance. In
 addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent
 credit risk.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value
 estimate of our current and long-term debt
 excluding unamortized
 debt issuance costs:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Carrying value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
649&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
808&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
482&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
316&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The estimated fair value of long-term debt was determined using a
 market approach based upon Level&amp;#xA0;2 observable inputs
 which
 estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on
 loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or
 broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes
 in the underlying assets securing our long-term debt.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 4 &amp;#x2014; GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Intangible assets subject to amortization consist of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
100&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-compete&lt;/font&gt; agreements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;270&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
990&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total intangible assets
 gross&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
360&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less accumulated amortization:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
182&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-compete&lt;/font&gt; agreements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(32&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
492&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total accumulated amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
706&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Customer relationships relate to the Squirrel Brand acquisition
 completed in fiscal 2018 and the Orchard Valley Harvest
 (&amp;#x201C;OVH&amp;#x201D;) acquisition completed in fiscal 2010. The
 customer relationships resulting from the OVH acquisition were
 fully amortized in fiscal 2017. The brand names consist primarily
 of the &lt;i&gt;Squirrel Brand&lt;/i&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Southern Style Nuts&lt;/i&gt; brand
 names acquired in fiscal 2018 and the &lt;i&gt;Fisher&lt;/i&gt; brand name
 which we acquired in a 1995 acquisition. The &lt;i&gt;Fisher&lt;/i&gt; brand
 name was fully amortized in fiscal 2011. The remainder of the brand
 name relates to the OVH acquisition which was fully amortized in
 fiscal 2015. The weighted-average amortization period of the
 remaining intangible assets is 11.3 years.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Total amortization expense related to intangible assets
 which is
 classified in administrative expense in the Consolidated Statement
 of Comprehensive Income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
016&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
369&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
710&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Expected amortization expense the next five fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: table-cell&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal year ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
028&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
501&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
896&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
657&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Our net goodwill of $9
650 relates entirely to the Squirrel Brand
 acquisition completed in fiscal 2018. The changes in the carrying
 amount of goodwill during the two fiscal years ended June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross goodwill balance at July&amp;#xA0;1
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
766&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accumulated amortization and impairments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
766&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net balance at July&amp;#xA0;1
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill acquired during fiscal 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net balance at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Goodwill&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Goodwill currently represents the excess of the purchase price over
 the fair value of the net assets from our acquisition of Squirrel
 Brand
 L.P. which closed in November 2017.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Goodwill is not amortized
 but is tested annually as of the last
 day of each fiscal year for impairment
 or whenever events or
 changes in circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that
 the carrying amount of the reporting unit is greater than its fair
 value. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining
 if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may
 include deterioration in general economic conditions
 adverse
 changes in the markets in which we operate
 increases in input
 costs that have negative effects on earnings and cash flows
 or a
 trend of negative or declining cash flows over multiple periods
 among others. The fair value that could be realized in an actual
 transaction may differ from that used to evaluate the impairment of
 goodwill.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In testing goodwill for impairment
 we have the option to first
 assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of
 events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more
 likely than not (more than 50%) that the estimated fair value of
 our single reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we
 elect to perform a qualitative assessment and determine that an
 impairment is more likely than not
 we are then required to perform
 a quantitative impairment test
 otherwise no further analysis is
 required. We also may elect not to perform the qualitative
 assessment and
 instead
 proceed directly to the quantitative
 impairment test.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Under the goodwill qualitative assessment
 various events and
 circumstances that would affect the estimated fair value of our
 single reporting unit are identified (similar to impairment
 indicators above).&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;During fiscal 2018 we
 elected to perform qualitative impairment test which indicated no
 indicators of goodwill impairment.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Under the goodwill quantitative impairment test
 the evaluation of
 impairment involves comparing the current fair value of our single
 reporting unit to its carrying value
 including goodwill. We
 estimate the fair value using level 3 inputs as defined by the fair
 value hierarchy. The inputs used to calculate the fair value
 include several subjective factors
 such as estimates of future
 cash flows
 estimates of our future cost structure
 discount rates
 for our estimated cash flows
 required level of working capital
 assumed terminal value
 and time horizon of cash flow forecasts. If
 the carrying value of our single reporting unit exceeds its fair
 value
 we recognize an impairment loss equal to the difference
 between the carrying value and estimated fair value.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Total amortization expense related to intangible assets
 which is
 classified in administrative expense in the Consolidated Statement
 of Comprehensive Income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
016&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
369&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
710&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 7 &amp;#x2014; INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 H.R.1
 originally known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
 (&amp;#x201C;Tax Reform&amp;#x201D;)
 was enacted on December&amp;#xA0;22
 2017.
 The changes to U.S. Tax law include
 among other items
 (i)&amp;#xA0;a
 reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate from a maximum
 of 35% to a flat 21%
 (ii) repealing the exception for
 deductibility of performance-based compensation to covered
 employees
 along with expanding the number of covered employees
 and (iii)&amp;#xA0;allowing immediate expensing of machinery and
 equipment contracted for purchase after September&amp;#xA0;27
 2017.
 Tax Reform also establishes new tax provisions that will affect our
 fiscal year 2019
 including
 but not limited to eliminating the
 deduction for domestic manufacturing activities.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Since we have a June fiscal &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;year-end
&lt;/font&gt; the lower corporate income
 tax rate was phased in during the 2018 calendar year
 resulting in
 a U.S. statutory federal rate of approximately 28% for our fiscal
 year ending June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018
 and a U.S. statutory federal rate
 of 21% for subsequent fiscal years. Our net deferred tax asset
 balances are recorded at the tax rate expected to be in effect
 during the period in which the related temporary differences
 reverse. Therefore
 this reduction in the corporate federal income
 tax rate required a &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-cash&lt;/font&gt; reduction of our net deferred
 tax asset balances and a corresponding &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-cash&lt;/font&gt; increase in income tax
 expense of $3
119 during the year ended June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018
 which
 is approximately $711 more than we initially estimated at the end
 of our second fiscal quarter. This net measurement period
 adjustment increased our annual effective tax rate approximately
 1.4%. Our accounting for the income tax effects of Tax Reform are
 completed as of June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The provision for income taxes is based entirely on income before
 income taxes earned in the United States
 and is as follows for the
 last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
722&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
015&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
464&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
744&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
222&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
757&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
237&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
902&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
698&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(210&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred state&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(238&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred expense (benefit)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
744&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(170&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total income tax expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
067&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The reconciliations of income taxes at the statutory federal income
 tax rate to income tax expense reported in the Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income for the last three fiscal years
 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Impact of Tax Reform&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development tax credit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Domestic manufacturing deduction&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Windfall tax benefits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Uncertain tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effective tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 After the adoption of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-09&lt;/font&gt; in fiscal 2017
 windfall tax
 benefits are a permanent difference recognized as a component of
 income tax expense.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected
 future tax consequences of temporary differences between the
 financial statement basis and the tax basis of assets and
 liabilities using enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future
 years. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax assets (liabilities):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;305&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;810&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
726&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;273&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;345&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
826&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capitalized leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill and intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
939&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retirement plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
484&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Workers&amp;#x2019; compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
692&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Share based compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
281&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
908&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capital loss carryforward&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;112&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;483&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(112&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax asset &amp;#x2014; long term&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
024&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
095&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management
 considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
 all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
 realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation
 of future taxable income of the character necessary during the
 periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.
 Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax
 liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and
 carryforward periods)
 projected future taxable income
 and
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;tax-planning&lt;/font&gt; strategies in
 making this assessment. During fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 the net
 change in the total valuation allowance was not significant. If or
 when recognized
 the tax benefits relating to any reversal of the
 valuation allowance will be recognized as a reduction of income tax
 expense.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 For the years ending June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 and June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest and penalties were
 $214 and $173. Accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain
 tax positions are not material for any periods presented. Interest
 and penalties within income tax expense were not material for any
 period presented. The total gross amounts of unrecognized tax
 benefits were $207 and $174 at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 and June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Beginning balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;174&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross increases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in prior year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross decreases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in prior year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(137&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross increases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in current year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(166&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Ending balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;174&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the
 annual effective tax rate on income from continuing operations
 are
 as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits that would affect annual effective tax
 rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;177&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 During fiscal 2018
 the change in unrecognized tax benefits due to
 statute expiration was not material. We do not anticipate that
 total unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the
 next twelve months.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 There were certain changes in state tax laws during the period the
 impact of which was insignificant. We file income tax returns with
 federal and state tax authorities within the United States of
 America. Our federal and Illinois tax returns are open for audit
 for fiscal 2015 through 2017. Our California tax returns for fiscal
 2015 through 2017 are open for audit. No other tax jurisdictions
 are material to us.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We review held and used long-lived assets
 including our rental
 investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 (e.g.
 customer relationships and brand names)
 to assess
 recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever
 events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the
 carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such
 events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
 expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the
 asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long-lived asset
 or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of
 future cash flows derived from the most recent business
 projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair
 value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We did not record any impairment of long-lived assets for the last
 three fiscal years.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach
 that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
 liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that
 have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such
 items give rise to differences in the financial reporting and tax
 basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded
 to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more
 likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be
 realized. In estimating future tax consequences
 we consider all
 expected future events other than changes in tax law or rates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We record liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on a
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;two-step&lt;/font&gt; process. The
 first step is recognition
 where we evaluate whether an individual
 tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being
 sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the
 position
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation
 processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a
 less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is
 recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold
 in the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the
 benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may
 differ from our estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the
 recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax
 positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are
 recorded in results of operations and financial position in the
 period in which such changes occur.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized
 tax benefits in the Income tax expense caption in the Consolidated
 Statement of Comprehensive Income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering
 our historical taxable income and future taxable income based upon
 the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $112 of net basis differences for which we have provided
 a valuation allowance.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 2 &amp;#x2014; INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Inventories consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Raw material and supplies&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73
209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79
609&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;Work-in-process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; and finished
 goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;101
409&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102
811&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;174
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;182
420&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Inventories
 which consist principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of cost &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(first-in
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out)&lt;/font&gt; and net realizable value.
 Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling prices in the
 ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of
 completion
 disposal and transportation. Inventory costs are
 reviewed at least quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of
 pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews and other nuts may
 affect the value of inventory
 gross profit and gross profit
 margin. When net realizable values move below costs
 we record
 adjustments to write down the carrying values of inventories to the
 lower of cost &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(first-in
&lt;/font&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out)&lt;/font&gt; and net
 realizable value. The results of our shelling process can also
 result in changes to inventory costs
 such as adjustments made
 pursuant to actual versus expected crop yields. We maintain
 significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and
 walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined
 based on our inventory systems and are subject to quarterly
 physical verification techniques including observation
 weighing
 and other methods. The quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut
 inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen-month
 period
 at which time revisions to any estimates are also
 recorded.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Significant Customers and Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The highly competitive nature of our business provides an
 environment for the loss of customers and the opportunity to gain
 new customers. We are subject to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts receivable
 and we attempt to mitigate
 this risk through our credit evaluation process
 collection terms
 and through geographical dispersion of sales. Sales to three
 customers exceeded 10% of net sales during each of fiscal 2018
 fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. Sales to these customers represented
 approximately 54%
 53% and 50% of our net sales in fiscal 2018
 fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016
 respectively. Net accounts receivable
 from these customers were 62% and 56% of net accounts receivable at
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 and June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 6 &amp;#x2014; LONG-TERM DEBT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Long-term debt consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Mortgage Facility (&amp;#x201C;Tranche A&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly installments of $230 including interest at
 4.25%&amp;#xA0;per annum with a final payment due March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
841&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
200&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Mortgage Facility (&amp;#x201C;Tranche B&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly installments of $57 including interest at
 4.25% per annum with a final payment due March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Squirrel Brand Seller-Financed Note to a related party
 unsecured
 due in monthly principal installments of $319 plus interest at 5.5%
 per annum beginning in January 2018 through November&amp;#xA0;30
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Selma
 Texas facility financing obligation to related parties
 due
 in monthly installments of $103 through September&amp;#xA0;1
 2031&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Unamortized debt issuance costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(124&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(179&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
525&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
629&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Less: Current maturities
 net of unamortized debt issuance
 costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
169&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total long-term debt
 net of unamortized debt issuance costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
211&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 On February&amp;#xA0;7
 2008
 we entered into a Loan Agreement with an
 insurance company (the &amp;#x201C;Mortgage Lender&amp;#x201D;) providing us
 with two term loans
 one in the amount of $36
000 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche
 A&amp;#x201D;) and the other in the amount of $9
000 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche
 B&amp;#x201D;)
 for an aggregate amount of $45
000 (the &amp;#x201C;Mortgage
 Facility&amp;#x201D;). The Mortgage Facility is secured by mortgages on
 essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina (the
 &amp;#x201C;Encumbered Properties&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 On March&amp;#xA0;1
 2018 the interest rate on the Mortgage Facility
 was fixed at 4.25% per annum. Prior to March&amp;#xA0;1
 2018
 Tranche
 A accrued interest at a fixed interest rate of 7.63%&amp;#xA0;per
 annum
 payable monthly and Tranche B accrued interest
 as reset on
 March&amp;#xA0;1
 2016
 at a floating rate of the greater of
 &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;(i)&amp;#xA0;one-month&lt;/font&gt; LIBOR
 plus 3.50%&amp;#xA0;per annum or (ii)&amp;#xA0;4.25%
 payable monthly.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The terms of the Mortgage Facility contain covenants that require
 us to maintain a specified net worth of $110
000 and maintain the
 Encumbered Properties. The Mortgage Lender is entitled to require
 immediate repayment of our obligations under the Mortgage Facility
 in the event we default in the payments required under the Mortgage
 Facility
 &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;non-compliance&lt;/font&gt;
 with the covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults
 by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018
 we
 were in compliance with all financial covenants under the Mortgage
 Facility. The carrying amount of assets pledged as collateral for
 the Mortgage Facility was approximately $71
427 at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 In September 2006
 we sold our Selma
 Texas properties to two
 related party partnerships for $14
300 and are leasing them back.
 The selling price was determined by an independent appraiser to be
 the fair market value which also approximated our carrying value.
 The lease for the Selma
 Texas properties had an initial
 &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;ten-year&lt;/font&gt; term at a fair
 market value rent with three five-year renewal options. Also
 we
 currently have the option to purchase the properties from the
 partnerships at 95% (100% in certain circumstances) of the then
 fair market value
 but not to be less than the $14
300 purchase
 price. The financing obligation is being accounted for similar to
 the accounting for a capital lease
 whereby the purchase price was
 recorded as a debt obligation
 as the provisions of the arrangement
 are not eligible for sale-leaseback accounting. In September 2015
 we signed a lease renewal which exercised two five-year renewal
 options and extended the term of our Selma lease to
 September&amp;#xA0;18
 2026 (unless we purchase it before such date).
 One five-year renewal option remains. During fiscal 2017 the base
 monthly lease amount was reduced to $103. The balance of the debt
 obligation outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 was $10
584.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 In November 2017
 we completed the Squirrel Brand acquisition which
 was financed by a combination of cash (drawn under the Credit
 Facility) and a three-year seller-financed note for $11
500
 (&amp;#x201C;Promissory Note&amp;#x201D;). The principal owner and seller of
 the Squirrel Brand business was subsequently appointed as an
 executive officer of the Company and is considered a related party.
 The Promissory Note is unsecured
 bears interest at 5.5% per annum
 and is payable in equal monthly principal payments of $319
 plus
 interest which began in January 2018. Upon an event of default
 as
 defined in the Promissory Note
 the interest rate increases to 7.5%
 until such event of default is cured. We can &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;pre-pay&lt;/font&gt; the Promissory Note at any time
 during the three-year period without penalty. At June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018
 the principal amount of $9
264 of the Promissory Note was
 outstanding. Interest paid on the Promissory Note for the fiscal
 year ended June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 was $338.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Aggregate maturities of long-term debt are as follows for the
 fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
214&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
376&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
309&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
213&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
647&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
649&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 two of whom are also executive officers


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following recent accounting pronouncements were adopted in the
 current fiscal year:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In March 2018
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2018-05&lt;/font&gt; &lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Income
 Taxes (Topic 741) Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC
 Staff Accounting Bulletin No.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;118&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;. These
 amendments add SEC guidance to the FASB Accounting Standards
 Codification regarding the &lt;i&gt;Tax Cuts and Jobs Act&lt;/i&gt; pursuant to
 the issuance of SAB 118 which was issued by the SEC in December
 2018 to provide immediate guidance for accounting implications of
 U.S. tax reform which became effective for the Company on
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2018. The amendments are effective upon addition to
 the FASB Codification. Disclosures related to the effect of the
 &lt;i&gt;Tax Cuts and Jobs Act&lt;/i&gt; appear in Note 7 &amp;#x2013; &amp;#x201C;Income
 Taxes&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In March 2017
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2017-07&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Compensation&amp;#x2014;Retirement Benefits (Topic 715):
 Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net
 Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;. The amendments in
 this update require the service cost component of pension expense
 to be disaggregated from the other components of net periodic
 benefit cost and be presented in the same line items as other
 employee compensation costs. All other components of net periodic
 benefit cost (interest cost
 amortization of prior service cost and
 amortization of unrecognized loss) must be presented in the income
 statement separately from the service cost component and outside a
 subtotal of income from operations. The amendments in this update
 also allow only the service cost component to be eligible for
 capitalization when applicable (for example
 as a cost of
 internally manufactured inventory or a self-constructed asset).
 This update is effective for public business entities for annual
 periods beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim
 periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted as
 long as it is early adopted in the first interim period of an
 annual year and financial statements have not been issued or made
 available for issuance prior to adoption. The amendments in this
 update should be applied using a retrospective transition method
 however
 a practical expedient is offered with regard to the prior
 comparative periods. The Company adopted ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-07&lt;/font&gt; in the first quarter of fiscal
 2018. Service cost continues to be presented as a component of
 Administrative expense while the remaining components of net
 periodic benefit cost (interest cost
 amortization of prior service
 cost and amortization of unrecognized loss) are now presented below
 the caption Other expense on the Consolidated Statements of
 Comprehensive Income. Adoption of this update required a
 reclassification of $2
133 and $1
850 for fiscal years 2017 and
 2016
 respectively
 from Administrative expense to Other
 expense.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-17&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Consolidation (Topic 810): Interests Held Through Related
 Parties That Are Under Common Control&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;. This update
 amends ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-02&lt;/font&gt; and
 affects reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether
 they should consolidate a variable interest entity in certain
 situations involving entities under common control. ASU
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-17&lt;/font&gt; is effective for
 the Company in fiscal 2018 and requires retrospective application.
 The adoption of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-17&lt;/font&gt; did not have any impact to our
 Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-11&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Inventory
 (Topic 330) Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;.
 This update applies to inventory measured using &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-in
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out&lt;/font&gt; or average cost and requires
 inventory be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable
 value. Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling prices
 in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable
 costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. When evidence
 exists that the net realizable value of inventory is lower than its
 cost
 the difference shall be recognized as a loss in earnings in
 the period in which it occurs. That loss may be required
 for
 example
 due to damage
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 changes in price levels
 or other causes. This update became
 effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2018 with
 prospective application required. The adoption of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-11&lt;/font&gt; did not have any impact to our
 Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following recent accounting pronouncements have not yet been
 adopted:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In June 2018 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2018-07&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Compensation- Stock
 Compensation (Topic 718) Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based
 Payment Accounting&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; The amendments in this Update expand
 the scope of Topic 718 to include share-based payment transactions
 for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees. An entity
 should apply the requirements of Topic 718 to nonemployee awards
 except for specific guidance on inputs to an option pricing model
 and the attribution of cost (that is
 the period of time over which
 share-based payment awards vest and the pattern of cost recognition
 over that period). The amendments specify that Topic 718 applies to
 all share-based payment transactions in which a grantor acquires
 goods or services to be used or consumed in a grantor&amp;#x2019;s own
 operations by issuing share-based payment awards. The amendments
 also clarify that Topic 718 does not apply to share-based payments
 used to effectively provide (1)&amp;#xA0;financing to the issuer or
 (2)&amp;#xA0;awards granted in conjunction with selling goods or
 services to customers as part of a contract accounted for under
 Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The amendments in
 this Update are effective for public business entities for fiscal
 years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018
 including interim
 periods within that fiscal year. Early adoption is permitted
 but
 no earlier than an entity&amp;#x2019;s adoption date of Topic 606. This
 update is effective beginning in fiscal 2020 and
 based on our
 historical use of share-based payment awards
 we do not expect this
 update to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial
 Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In February 2018
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2018-02&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Income
 Statement &amp;#x2013; Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220):
 Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other
 Comprehensive Income&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;. The amendments in this Update
 allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive
 income (loss) to retained earnings for stranded tax effects
 resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The amendments in this
 Update also require certain disclosures about stranded tax effects.
 The amendments in this Update are effective for all entities for
 fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018
 and interim
 periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments
 in this Update is permitted
 including adoption in any interim
 period for public business entities for reporting periods for which
 financial statements have not yet been issued. The amendments in
 this Update should be applied either in the period of adoption or
 retrospectively to each period (or periods) in which the effect of
 the change in the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate in the Tax
 Cuts and Jobs Act is recognized. This update is effective beginning
 in fiscal 2020 and we do not expect this update to have a material
 impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 10pt&gt;
 In May 2017
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2017-09&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Compensation&amp;#x2014;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope
 of Modification Accounting&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;. The amendments in this
 update provide guidance about which changes to terms or conditions
 of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply
 modification accounting in Topic 718. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-09&lt;/font&gt; will be effective for the
 Company in fiscal 2019 and should be applied prospectively to an
 award modified on or after the adoption date. The Company does not
 expect ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-09&lt;/font&gt; to have
 a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In January 2017
 the FASB issued ASC Update &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2017-04&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Intangibles&amp;#x2014;Goodwill and Other Topics (Topic 350):
 Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;. The
 purpose of this update is to reduce the cost and complexity of
 evaluating goodwill for impairment. It eliminates the need for
 entities to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill by
 assigning the fair value of a reporting unit to all of its assets
 and liabilities as if that reporting unit had been acquired in a
 business combination
 commonly referred to as &amp;#x201C;Step 2&amp;#x201D;.
 Under this amendment
 an entity will perform its goodwill
 impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit
 with its carrying amount. An impairment charge is recognized for
 the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting
 unit&amp;#x2019;s fair value. This update is effective beginning in
 fiscal 2021. We do not expect this update to have a material impact
 on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-15&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Statement
 of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
 and Cash Payments&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;. This update addresses eight specific
 cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the perceived
 diversity in practice. The amendments in this update are effective
 for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 and interim periods within those fiscal
 years. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an
 interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an
 interim period
 any adjustments should be reflected as of the
 beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An
 entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments
 in the same period. The amendments in this update should be applied
 using a retrospective transition method to each period presented.
 The Company does not expect a material impact to our statement of
 cash flows once ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-15&lt;/font&gt; is adopted in fiscal 2019.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-13&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Financial
 Instruments&amp;#x2014;Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit
 Losses on Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;. The main objective of
 this update is to provide financial statement users with more
 decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on
 financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held
 by a reporting entity at each reporting date. The amendments in
 this update replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in
 current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit
 losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable
 and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. The
 amendments in this update are effective for public business
 entities for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2019
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. A
 modified-retrospective approach is required in the first reporting
 period in which the guidance is effective through a
 cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings. We do not expect
 ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2013-13&lt;/font&gt; will have a
 significant impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements once
 adopted in fiscal 2021.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-02&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Leases
 (Topic 842)&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;. The primary goal of this update is to
 require the lessee to recognize all lease commitments
 both
 operating and finance
 by initially recording a lease asset and
 liability on the balance sheet at the lease commencement date.
 Additionally
 enhanced qualitative and quantitative disclosures
 will be required. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-02&lt;/font&gt; is effective for public
 business entities for annual periods
 including interim periods
 within those annual periods
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018. This new guidance will be effective for the Company beginning
 in fiscal year 2020 and we do not expect to early adopt. Under ASU
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-02&lt;/font&gt; the
 guidance was be adopted using a modified retrospective approach
 with elective reliefs
 with application of the new guidance for all
 periods presented. In July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2018-11&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Leases
 (Topic 842): Targeted Improvements&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; which provides for
 another transition method by allowing entities to initially apply
 the new leases standard at the adoption date and recognize a
 cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained
 earnings in the period of adoption. The amendments in this update
 also provide lessors with a practical expedient
 by class of
 underlying asset
 to not separate &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-lease&lt;/font&gt; components from the
 associated lease component
 similar to the expedient provided for
 lessees. In July 2018
 the FASB also issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2018-10&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 Leases&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;
 which affects narrow aspects of the guidance issued in ASU
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-02.&lt;/font&gt; Based on
 our current portfolio of leases
 the Company expects the impact of
 these new standards to significantly increase total assets and
 total liabilities
 and lead to increased financial statement
 disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; and created a
 new ASC Topic 606
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;
 and added ASC Subtopic &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;340-40
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;i&gt;Other Assets and Deferred
 Costs &amp;#x2014; Contracts with Customers.&lt;/i&gt; The guidance in this
 update supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic
 605
 Revenue Recognition
 and most industry-specific guidance
 throughout the industry topics of the codification. Under the new
 guidance
 an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer
 of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that
 reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be
 entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Several other
 amendments have been subsequently released
 each of which provide
 additional narrow scope clarifications or improvements. In August
 2015
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-14&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 from Contracts with Customers
 Deferral of the Effective
 Date&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; which deferred the effective date of ASU
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; for one year.
 Consequently
 this new revenue recognition guidance will be
 effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2019
 which is
 our anticipated adoption date. We have completed our analysis of
 this accounting standard update which included a review of all
 material customer contracts and sales incentives. On June&amp;#xA0;29
 2018 we adopted the new standard utilizing the full retrospective
 method. The Company&amp;#x2019;s adoption of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; in fiscal 2019 is not expected
 to have a material impact on our revenue recognition compared to
 previous GAAP.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation and Consolidation and Description of
 Business&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of John
 B. Sanfilippo&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Son
 Inc.
 and our wholly-owned
 subsidiary
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC. Our fiscal year ends on the last
 Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists of &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;fifty-two&lt;/font&gt; weeks (four thirteen-week
 quarters). However
 the fiscal year ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 consisted of fifty-three weeks with our fourth quarter containing
 fourteen weeks. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
 and related footnotes are presented in accordance with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts
 almonds and other nuts in the United
 States. These nuts are sold under a variety of private brands and
 under the &lt;i&gt;Fisher
 Orchard Valley Harvest
 Squirrel Brand
 Southern Style Nuts
&lt;/i&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Sunshine Country&lt;/i&gt; brand names.
 We also market and distribute
 and in most cases
 manufacture or
 process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 cashew butter
 candy and
 confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 snack bites
 sunflower
 kernels
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame
 snack products under private brands and brand names. Our products
 are sold through the major distribution channels to significant
 buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient
 users
 and contract packaging customers.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 13 &amp;#x2014; RETIREMENT PLAN&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (&amp;#x201C;SERP&amp;#x201D;) is
 an unfunded
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-qualified&lt;/font&gt;
 benefit plan that will provide eligible participants with monthly
 benefits upon retirement
 disability or death
 subject to certain
 conditions. Benefits paid to retirees are based on age at
 retirement
 years of credited service
 and average compensation. We
 use our fiscal &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;year-end&lt;/font&gt; as
 the measurement date for the obligation calculation. Accounting
 guidance in ASC Topic 715
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2014; Retirement
 Benefits&lt;/i&gt; requires the recognition of the funded status of the
 SERP on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Actuarial gains or losses
 prior service costs or credits and transition obligations that have
 not yet been recognized are recorded as a component of
 &amp;#x201C;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&amp;#x201D;
 (&amp;#x201C;AOCL&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the changes in the projected benefit
 obligation for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Change in projected benefit obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
641&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
791&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;607&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;811&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial gain&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(511&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
938&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
934&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
641&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The accumulated benefit obligation
 which represents benefits
 earned up to the measurement date
 was $18
582 and $17
774 at
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 and June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Components of the actuarial (gain) loss portion of the change in
 projected benefit obligation are presented below for the fiscal
 years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Actuarial (Gain) Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in assumed pay increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(523&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
402&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in mortality assumptions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(193&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(132&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(467&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial (gain) loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(511&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
938&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The components of the net periodic pension cost are as follows for
 the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;607&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;491&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;811&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Recognized loss amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service cost amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic pension cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
764&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
341&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Significant assumptions related to our SERP include the discount
 rate used to calculate the actuarial present value of benefit
 obligations to be paid in the future
 the average rate of
 compensation expense increase by SERP participants
 and anticipated
 mortality rates. The &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;RP-2014&lt;/font&gt; white collar fully
 generational mortality table with mortality improvement scale
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;MP-2017&lt;/font&gt; was utilized in
 the preparation of our pension obligation as of June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 We used the following assumptions to calculate the benefit
 obligation of our SERP as of the following dates:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Average rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.38&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Bonus payment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&lt;/font&gt; 85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&amp;#xA0;paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&lt;/font&gt; 85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&amp;#xA0;paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We used the following assumptions to calculate the net periodic
 costs of our SERP as follows for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=52%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mortality&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;RP-2014&amp;#xA0;white&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 collar&amp;#xA0;with&amp;#xA0;MP-&lt;br /&gt;
 2016 scale&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;RP-2014&amp;#xA0;white&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 collar&amp;#xA0;with&amp;#xA0;MP-&lt;br /&gt;
 2015 scale&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;RP-2014&amp;#xA0;white&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 collar&amp;#xA0;with&amp;#xA0;MP-&lt;br /&gt;
 2014 scale&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Bonus payment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;- 85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;- 85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The assumed discount rate is based
 in part
 upon a discount rate
 modeling process that considers both high quality long-term indices
 and the duration of the SERP plan relative to the durations
 implicit in the broader indices. The discount rate is utilized
 principally in calculating the actuarial present value of our
 obligation and periodic expense pursuant to the SERP. To the extent
 the discount rate increases or decreases
 our SERP obligation is
 decreased or increased
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the benefits expected to be paid in
 the next ten fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;646&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;628&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;744&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;684&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2024 &amp;#x2014; 2028&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
694&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 At June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 and June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 the current portion
 of the SERP liability was $646 and $647
 respectively
 and recorded
 in Accrued payroll and related benefits on the Consolidated Balance
 Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the components of AOCL that have not
 yet been recognized in net pension expense:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
624&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
349&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net amount unrecognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
181&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We expect to recognize $957 of the prior service cost and $95 of
 net loss into net periodic pension expense during the fiscal year
 ending June&amp;#xA0;27
 2019.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss
 for the last two fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassifications from AOCL to earnings&lt;/b&gt;
 &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Affected&amp;#xA0;line&amp;#xA0;item&amp;#xA0;in&amp;#xA0;the&lt;br /&gt;
 Consolidated&amp;#xA0;Statements&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive&amp;#xA0;Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined benefit pension items:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Other&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Other expense&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total before tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
119&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;280&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;502&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Income&amp;#xA0;tax&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined pension items
 net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(839&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(820&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate debits to expense. See
 Note 13 &amp;#x2014; &amp;#x201C;Retirement Plan&amp;#x201D; above for additional
 details.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Major
 improvements that extend the useful life
 add capacity or add
 functionality are capitalized and charged to expense through
 depreciation. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense
 as incurred. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold
 or retired are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain
 or loss is recognized currently in operating income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Depreciation expense for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
190&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Cost is depreciated using the straight-line method over the
 following estimated useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: table-cell&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;10&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Furniture and leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;10&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;5&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computers and software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;5&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 No interest costs were capitalized for the last three fiscal years
 due to the lack of any significant project requiring such
 capitalization.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:14pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 18 &amp;#x2014; SUPPLEMENTARY QUARTERLY DATA (Unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following unaudited quarterly consolidated financial data are
 presented for fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017. Quarterly financial
 results necessarily rely on estimates and caution is required in
 drawing specific conclusions from quarterly consolidated
 results.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:8pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;214
791&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;259
118&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;203
181&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;211
505&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
840&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
913&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Income from operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
336&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
249&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
103&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
432&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
756&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
601&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.92&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.76&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.91&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Cash dividends declared per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:8pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;222
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;249
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;173
376&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;201
591&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
389&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
633&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Income from operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
089&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
275&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
964&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
180&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
885&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
336&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
724&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.90&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.89&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.13&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.55&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Cash dividends declared per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 15 &amp;#x2014; TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In addition to the related party transactions described in Note 6
 we also purchased materials from a company that until July 2017 was
 owned by three members of our Board of Directors
 two of whom are
 also executive officers
 and individuals directly related to them.
 Purchases from this related party aggregated to the following for
 the years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchases from related party&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;360&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
043&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Accounts payable to this related entity was $178 at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Accounts receivable are stated at the amounts charged to customers
 less allowances for doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated
 cash discounts and customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful
 accounts is calculated by specifically identifying customers that
 are credit risks and estimating the extent that other &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-specifically&lt;/font&gt; identified customers
 will become credit risks. Account balances are charged off against
 the allowance when we conclude that it is probable the receivable
 will not be recovered. The reserve for estimated cash discounts is
 based on historical experience. The reserve for customer deductions
 represents known customer short payments and an estimate of future
 credit memos that will be issued to customers related to rebates
 and allowances for marketing and promotions based on agreed upon
 programs and historical experience.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Research and Development Expenses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Research and development expense represents the cost of our
 research and development personnel and their related expenses and
 is charged to selling expenses as incurred. Research and
 development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;701&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;658&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;653&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The table below sets forth the changes to accumulated other
 comprehensive loss (&amp;#x201C;AOCL&amp;#x201D;) for the last two fiscal
 years. These changes are all related to our defined benefit pension
 plan.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;Changes to AOCL&lt;/b&gt; &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
425&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive income before reclassifications&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;511&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
938&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
119&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
239&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net current-period other comprehensive income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
223&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
021&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
181&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate debits/expense.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive awards
 excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
068&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average exercise price per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65.35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The total purchase price has been allocated to the fair values of
 the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
362&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Identifiable intangible assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
900&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:5.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;Non-compete&lt;/font&gt; agreement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;270&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total Purchase Price&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
227&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The provision for income taxes is based entirely on income before
 income taxes earned in the United States
 and is as follows for the
 last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
722&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
015&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
464&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
744&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
222&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
757&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
237&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
902&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
698&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(210&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred state&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(238&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(46&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred expense (benefit)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
744&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(170&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total income tax expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
067&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Long-term debt consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Mortgage Facility (&amp;#x201C;Tranche A&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly installments of $230 including interest at
 4.25%&amp;#xA0;per annum with a final payment due March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
841&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
200&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Mortgage Facility (&amp;#x201C;Tranche B&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly installments of $57 including interest at
 4.25% per annum with a final payment due March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
960&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Squirrel Brand Seller-Financed Note to a related party
 unsecured
 due in monthly principal installments of $319 plus interest at 5.5%
 per annum beginning in January 2018 through November&amp;#xA0;30
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Selma
 Texas facility financing obligation to related parties
 due
 in monthly installments of $103 through September&amp;#xA0;1
 2031&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
058&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Unamortized debt issuance costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(124&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(179&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
525&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
629&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Less: Current maturities
 net of unamortized debt issuance
 costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
169&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total long-term debt
 net of unamortized debt issuance costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
211&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Aggregate &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-cancelable&lt;/font&gt;
 lease commitments under these operating leases with initial or
 remaining terms greater than one year are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal year ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
405&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
199&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;904&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;762&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;494&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
778&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;we also purchased materials from a company that until July
 2017 was owned by three members of our Board of Directors
 two of
 whom are also executive officers
 and individuals directly related
 to them. Purchases from this related party aggregated to the
 following for the years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchases from related party&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;360&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
043&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following is a summary of RSU activity for the year ended
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: table-cell&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Restricted Stock Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Grant-Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;201
858&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40.36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60
582&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54.41&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(73
372&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36.52&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;189
068&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;46.35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;(a)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=left&gt;The number of RSUs vested includes shares that were
 withheld on behalf of employees to satisfy statutory tax
 withholding requirements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 exists
 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price
 is fixed
 delivery has occurred
 and collection is reasonably
 assured. We sell our products under some arrangements which include
 customer contracts which fix the sales price for periods
 which
 typically can be up to one year
 for some commercial ingredient
 customers and through specific programs consisting of promotion
 allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer customers and commercial ingredient
 users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the
 terms of specific arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of
 rebates and promotion and marketing allowances. Revenues are also
 recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for
 based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to
 return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product
 returns have generally been insignificant. Provisions for returns
 are reflected as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based
 upon customer specific circumstances. Billings for shipping and
 handling costs are included in revenues.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Facility Consolidation Project/Real Estate Transactions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In April 2005
 we acquired property to be used for the Elgin Site.
 Two buildings are located on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an
 office building. Approximately 63% of the rentable area in the
 office building is currently vacant
 of which approximately 29% has
 not been &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;built-out.&lt;/font&gt; The
 other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and modified for use as
 our principal processing facility and headquarters. The allocation
 of the purchase price to the two buildings was determined through a
 third-party appraisal. The value assigned to the office building is
 included in rental investment property on the balance sheet. The
 value assigned to the warehouse building is included in
 &amp;#x201C;Property
 plant and equipment&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The net rental expense from the office building is included in the
 caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross
 rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal
 years are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross rental income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
003&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
898&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rental (expense)
 net &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
420&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
311&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
371&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=left&gt;Includes annual depreciation expense of approximately
 $800.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within
 the office building is as follows for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
647&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
431&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
450&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
950&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes compensation cost charged to
 earnings for all equity compensation plans and the total income tax
 benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation cost charged to earnings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
796&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
489&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax benefit recognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;895&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The reconciliations of income taxes at the statutory federal income
 tax rate to income tax expense reported in the Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income for the last three fiscal years
 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Impact of Tax Reform&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development tax credit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Domestic manufacturing deduction&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Windfall tax benefits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Uncertain tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effective tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the benefits expected to be paid in
 the next ten fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;646&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;628&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;744&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;716&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;684&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2024 &amp;#x2014; 2028&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
694&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 1 &amp;#x2014; SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation and Consolidation and Description of
 Business&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of John
 B. Sanfilippo&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Son
 Inc.
 and our wholly-owned
 subsidiary
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC. Our fiscal year ends on the last
 Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists of &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;fifty-two&lt;/font&gt; weeks (four thirteen-week
 quarters). However
 the fiscal year ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 consisted of fifty-three weeks with our fourth quarter containing
 fourteen weeks. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
 and related footnotes are presented in accordance with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts
 almonds and other nuts in the United
 States. These nuts are sold under a variety of private brands and
 under the &lt;i&gt;Fisher
 Orchard Valley Harvest
 Squirrel Brand
 Southern Style Nuts
&lt;/i&gt; and &lt;i&gt;Sunshine Country&lt;/i&gt; brand names.
 We also market and distribute
 and in most cases
 manufacture or
 process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 cashew butter
 candy and
 confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 snack bites
 sunflower
 kernels
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame
 snack products under private brands and brand names. Our products
 are sold through the major distribution channels to significant
 buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient
 users
 and contract packaging customers.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Management Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
 the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for
 customer deductions
 the quantity of bulk inventories
 the
 evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets
 the assumptions
 used in estimating the retirement plan liability and pension
 expense
 and the realizability of deferred tax assets. Actual
 results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Accounts receivable are stated at the amounts charged to customers
 less allowances for doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated
 cash discounts and customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful
 accounts is calculated by specifically identifying customers that
 are credit risks and estimating the extent that other &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-specifically&lt;/font&gt; identified customers
 will become credit risks. Account balances are charged off against
 the allowance when we conclude that it is probable the receivable
 will not be recovered. The reserve for estimated cash discounts is
 based on historical experience. The reserve for customer deductions
 represents known customer short payments and an estimate of future
 credit memos that will be issued to customers related to rebates
 and allowances for marketing and promotions based on agreed upon
 programs and historical experience.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Inventories
 which consist principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of cost &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(first-in
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out)&lt;/font&gt; and net realizable value.
 Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling prices in the
 ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of
 completion
 disposal and transportation. Inventory costs are
 reviewed at least quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of
 pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews and other nuts may
 affect the value of inventory
 gross profit and gross profit
 margin. When net realizable values move below costs
 we record
 adjustments to write down the carrying values of inventories to the
 lower of cost &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;(first-in
&lt;/font&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out)&lt;/font&gt; and net
 realizable value. The results of our shelling process can also
 result in changes to inventory costs
 such as adjustments made
 pursuant to actual versus expected crop yields. We maintain
 significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and
 walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined
 based on our inventory systems and are subject to quarterly
 physical verification techniques including observation
 weighing
 and other methods. The quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut
 inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen-month
 period
 at which time revisions to any estimates are also
 recorded.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Major
 improvements that extend the useful life
 add capacity or add
 functionality are capitalized and charged to expense through
 depreciation. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense
 as incurred. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold
 or retired are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain
 or loss is recognized currently in operating income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Depreciation expense for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
190&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Cost is depreciated using the straight-line method over the
 following estimated useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: table-cell&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;10&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Furniture and leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;10&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;5&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computers and software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;5&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 No interest costs were capitalized for the last three fiscal years
 due to the lack of any significant project requiring such
 capitalization.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Business Combinations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We use the acquisition method in accounting for acquired
 businesses. Under the acquisition method
 our financial statements
 reflect the operations of an acquired business starting from the
 completion of the acquisition. The assets acquired and liabilities
 assumed are recorded at their respective estimated fair values at
 the date of the acquisition. Any excess of the purchase price over
 the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired
 is recorded as goodwill.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We operate in a single reporting unit and operating segment that
 consists of selling various nut and nut related products through
 multiple distribution channels.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We review held and used long-lived assets
 including our rental
 investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 (e.g.
 customer relationships and brand names)
 to assess
 recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever
 events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the
 carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such
 events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
 expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the
 asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long-lived asset
 or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of
 future cash flows derived from the most recent business
 projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair
 value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We did not record any impairment of long-lived assets for the last
 three fiscal years.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Goodwill&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Goodwill currently represents the excess of the purchase price over
 the fair value of the net assets from our acquisition of Squirrel
 Brand
 L.P. which closed in November 2017.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Goodwill is not amortized
 but is tested annually as of the last
 day of each fiscal year for impairment
 or whenever events or
 changes in circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that
 the carrying amount of the reporting unit is greater than its fair
 value. A significant amount of judgment is involved in determining
 if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Such indicators may
 include deterioration in general economic conditions
 adverse
 changes in the markets in which we operate
 increases in input
 costs that have negative effects on earnings and cash flows
 or a
 trend of negative or declining cash flows over multiple periods
 among others. The fair value that could be realized in an actual
 transaction may differ from that used to evaluate the impairment of
 goodwill.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In testing goodwill for impairment
 we have the option to first
 assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of
 events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more
 likely than not (more than 50%) that the estimated fair value of
 our single reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we
 elect to perform a qualitative assessment and determine that an
 impairment is more likely than not
 we are then required to perform
 a quantitative impairment test
 otherwise no further analysis is
 required. We also may elect not to perform the qualitative
 assessment and
 instead
 proceed directly to the quantitative
 impairment test.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Under the goodwill qualitative assessment
 various events and
 circumstances that would affect the estimated fair value of our
 single reporting unit are identified (similar to impairment
 indicators above).&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;During fiscal 2018 we
 elected to perform qualitative impairment test which indicated no
 indicators of goodwill impairment.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Under the goodwill quantitative impairment test
 the evaluation of
 impairment involves comparing the current fair value of our single
 reporting unit to its carrying value
 including goodwill. We
 estimate the fair value using level 3 inputs as defined by the fair
 value hierarchy. The inputs used to calculate the fair value
 include several subjective factors
 such as estimates of future
 cash flows
 estimates of our future cost structure
 discount rates
 for our estimated cash flows
 required level of working capital
 assumed terminal value
 and time horizon of cash flow forecasts. If
 the carrying value of our single reporting unit exceeds its fair
 value
 we recognize an impairment loss equal to the difference
 between the carrying value and estimated fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Facility Consolidation Project/Real Estate Transactions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In April 2005
 we acquired property to be used for the Elgin Site.
 Two buildings are located on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an
 office building. Approximately 63% of the rentable area in the
 office building is currently vacant
 of which approximately 29% has
 not been &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;built-out.&lt;/font&gt; The
 other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and modified for use as
 our principal processing facility and headquarters. The allocation
 of the purchase price to the two buildings was determined through a
 third-party appraisal. The value assigned to the office building is
 included in rental investment property on the balance sheet. The
 value assigned to the warehouse building is included in
 &amp;#x201C;Property
 plant and equipment&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The net rental expense from the office building is included in the
 caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross
 rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal
 years are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross rental income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
003&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
898&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rental (expense)
 net &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
420&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
311&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
371&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=left&gt;Includes annual depreciation expense of approximately
 $800.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within
 the office building is as follows for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
647&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
431&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
450&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
950&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) defines fair value as the price that
 would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
 an orderly transaction between market participants on the
 measurement date. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy
 that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure
 fair value into three broad levels:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=92%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1-&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Quoted prices in active markets that are
 accessible at the measurement date for identical assets and
 liabilities.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2-&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Observable inputs other than quoted prices in
 active markets. For example
 quoted prices for similar assets or
 liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets
 or liabilities in inactive markets.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3-&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;Unobservable inputs for which there is little or
 no market data available.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The carrying values of cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts
 payable approximate their fair values at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 and
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 because of the short-term maturities and nature
 of these balances.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The carrying value of our Credit Facility (as defined in Note 5
 &amp;#x2013; &amp;#x201C;Revolving Credit Facility&amp;#x201D; in the Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements &amp;#x201C;Revolving Credit
 Facility&amp;#x201D; below) borrowings approximates fair value at
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 and June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 because interest rates on
 this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2
 criteria)
 the short-term maturity and nature of this balance. In
 addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent
 credit risk.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value
 estimate of our current and long-term debt
 excluding unamortized
 debt issuance costs:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Carrying value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
649&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
808&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
482&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
316&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The estimated fair value of long-term debt was determined using a
 market approach based upon Level&amp;#xA0;2 observable inputs
 which
 estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on
 loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or
 broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes
 in the underlying assets securing our long-term debt.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 exists
 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price
 is fixed
 delivery has occurred
 and collection is reasonably
 assured. We sell our products under some arrangements which include
 customer contracts which fix the sales price for periods
 which
 typically can be up to one year
 for some commercial ingredient
 customers and through specific programs consisting of promotion
 allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer customers and commercial ingredient
 users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the
 terms of specific arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of
 rebates and promotion and marketing allowances. Revenues are also
 recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for
 based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to
 return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product
 returns have generally been insignificant. Provisions for returns
 are reflected as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based
 upon customer specific circumstances. Billings for shipping and
 handling costs are included in revenues.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Significant Customers and Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The highly competitive nature of our business provides an
 environment for the loss of customers and the opportunity to gain
 new customers. We are subject to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts receivable
 and we attempt to mitigate
 this risk through our credit evaluation process
 collection terms
 and through geographical dispersion of sales. Sales to three
 customers exceeded 10% of net sales during each of fiscal 2018
 fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. Sales to these customers represented
 approximately 54%
 53% and 50% of our net sales in fiscal 2018
 fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016
 respectively. Net accounts receivable
 from these customers were 62% and 56% of net accounts receivable at
 June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 and June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Promotion
 Marketing and Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Promotions
 allowances and customer rebates are recorded at the
 time revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions in
 sales. Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon projected
 volumes for the year
 while promotions and allowances are recorded
 based upon terms of the actual arrangements. Coupon incentive costs
 are accrued based on an estimate of redemptions to occur.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Marketing and advertising costs are incurred to promote and support
 branded products in the consumer distribution channel. These costs
 are generally expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Marketing and advertising expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
064&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs
 which include freight and other
 expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in
 selling expenses. Shipping and handling costs for the last three
 fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
686&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Research and Development Expenses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Research and development expense represents the cost of our
 research and development personnel and their related expenses and
 is charged to selling expenses as incurred. Research and
 development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;701&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;658&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;653&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We account for stock-based employee compensation arrangements in
 accordance with the provisions of ASC&amp;#xA0;718
 as amended by
 Accounting Standard Update (&amp;#x201C;ASU&amp;#x201D;) &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-09
&lt;/font&gt; by calculating compensation
 cost based on the grant date fair value. We then amortize
 compensation expense over the vesting period. The grant date fair
 value of restricted stock units (&amp;#x201C;RSUs&amp;#x201D;) is generally
 determined based on the market price of our Common Stock on the
 date of grant. Beginning in fiscal 2017
 forfeitures are recognized
 as they occur
 and excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies are
 recognized as a component of income tax expense.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach
 that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
 liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that
 have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such
 items give rise to differences in the financial reporting and tax
 basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded
 to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more
 likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be
 realized. In estimating future tax consequences
 we consider all
 expected future events other than changes in tax law or rates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We record liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on a
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;two-step&lt;/font&gt; process. The
 first step is recognition
 where we evaluate whether an individual
 tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being
 sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the
 position
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation
 processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated to have a
 less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is
 recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold
 in the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the
 benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits ultimately realized may
 differ from our estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the
 recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax
 positions. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are
 recorded in results of operations and financial position in the
 period in which such changes occur.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized
 tax benefits in the Income tax expense caption in the Consolidated
 Statement of Comprehensive Income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering
 our historical taxable income and future taxable income based upon
 the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $112 of net basis differences for which we have provided
 a valuation allowance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share are calculated using the weighted
 average number of shares of Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock
 outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects
 the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other
 contracts to issue Common Stock were exercised or converted into
 Common Stock or resulted in the issuance of Common Stock.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted
 average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted
 earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
383
080&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
317
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
233
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options and restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
306&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
456&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
449
386&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
403
605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
332
924&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive awards
 excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
068&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average exercise price per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;65.35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We account for comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic
 220
 &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/i&gt;. This topic establishes standards
 for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its
 components in a full set of general-purpose financial statements.
 The topic requires that all components of comprehensive income be
 reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same
 prominence as other financial statements. This topic also requires
 all &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-owner&lt;/font&gt; changes in
 stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity be presented in either a single
 continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but
 consecutive statements. This guidance also requires presentation by
 the respective line items of net income
 either on the face of the
 statement where net income is presented or in the notes and
 information about significant amounts required under U.S. GAAP to
 be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income in
 their entirety. For amounts not required to be reclassified in
 their entirety to net income
 we provide a cross-reference to other
 disclosures that offer additional details about those amounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following recent accounting pronouncements were adopted in the
 current fiscal year:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In March 2018
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2018-05&lt;/font&gt; &lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Income
 Taxes (Topic 741) Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC
 Staff Accounting Bulletin No.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;118&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;. These
 amendments add SEC guidance to the FASB Accounting Standards
 Codification regarding the &lt;i&gt;Tax Cuts and Jobs Act&lt;/i&gt; pursuant to
 the issuance of SAB 118 which was issued by the SEC in December
 2018 to provide immediate guidance for accounting implications of
 U.S. tax reform which became effective for the Company on
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2018. The amendments are effective upon addition to
 the FASB Codification. Disclosures related to the effect of the
 &lt;i&gt;Tax Cuts and Jobs Act&lt;/i&gt; appear in Note 7 &amp;#x2013; &amp;#x201C;Income
 Taxes&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In March 2017
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2017-07&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Compensation&amp;#x2014;Retirement Benefits (Topic 715):
 Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net
 Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;. The amendments in
 this update require the service cost component of pension expense
 to be disaggregated from the other components of net periodic
 benefit cost and be presented in the same line items as other
 employee compensation costs. All other components of net periodic
 benefit cost (interest cost
 amortization of prior service cost and
 amortization of unrecognized loss) must be presented in the income
 statement separately from the service cost component and outside a
 subtotal of income from operations. The amendments in this update
 also allow only the service cost component to be eligible for
 capitalization when applicable (for example
 as a cost of
 internally manufactured inventory or a self-constructed asset).
 This update is effective for public business entities for annual
 periods beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim
 periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted as
 long as it is early adopted in the first interim period of an
 annual year and financial statements have not been issued or made
 available for issuance prior to adoption. The amendments in this
 update should be applied using a retrospective transition method
 however
 a practical expedient is offered with regard to the prior
 comparative periods. The Company adopted ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-07&lt;/font&gt; in the first quarter of fiscal
 2018. Service cost continues to be presented as a component of
 Administrative expense while the remaining components of net
 periodic benefit cost (interest cost
 amortization of prior service
 cost and amortization of unrecognized loss) are now presented below
 the caption Other expense on the Consolidated Statements of
 Comprehensive Income. Adoption of this update required a
 reclassification of $2
133 and $1
850 for fiscal years 2017 and
 2016
 respectively
 from Administrative expense to Other
 expense.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In October 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-17&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Consolidation (Topic 810): Interests Held Through Related
 Parties That Are Under Common Control&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;. This update
 amends ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-02&lt;/font&gt; and
 affects reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether
 they should consolidate a variable interest entity in certain
 situations involving entities under common control. ASU
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-17&lt;/font&gt; is effective for
 the Company in fiscal 2018 and requires retrospective application.
 The adoption of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-17&lt;/font&gt; did not have any impact to our
 Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-11&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Inventory
 (Topic 330) Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;.
 This update applies to inventory measured using &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-in
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out&lt;/font&gt; or average cost and requires
 inventory be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable
 value. Net realizable value is defined as estimated selling prices
 in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable
 costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. When evidence
 exists that the net realizable value of inventory is lower than its
 cost
 the difference shall be recognized as a loss in earnings in
 the period in which it occurs. That loss may be required
 for
 example
 due to damage
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 changes in price levels
 or other causes. This update became
 effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2018 with
 prospective application required. The adoption of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-11&lt;/font&gt; did not have any impact to our
 Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following recent accounting pronouncements have not yet been
 adopted:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In June 2018 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2018-07&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Compensation- Stock
 Compensation (Topic 718) Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based
 Payment Accounting&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; The amendments in this Update expand
 the scope of Topic 718 to include share-based payment transactions
 for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees. An entity
 should apply the requirements of Topic 718 to nonemployee awards
 except for specific guidance on inputs to an option pricing model
 and the attribution of cost (that is
 the period of time over which
 share-based payment awards vest and the pattern of cost recognition
 over that period). The amendments specify that Topic 718 applies to
 all share-based payment transactions in which a grantor acquires
 goods or services to be used or consumed in a grantor&amp;#x2019;s own
 operations by issuing share-based payment awards. The amendments
 also clarify that Topic 718 does not apply to share-based payments
 used to effectively provide (1)&amp;#xA0;financing to the issuer or
 (2)&amp;#xA0;awards granted in conjunction with selling goods or
 services to customers as part of a contract accounted for under
 Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The amendments in
 this Update are effective for public business entities for fiscal
 years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018
 including interim
 periods within that fiscal year. Early adoption is permitted
 but
 no earlier than an entity&amp;#x2019;s adoption date of Topic 606. This
 update is effective beginning in fiscal 2020 and
 based on our
 historical use of share-based payment awards
 we do not expect this
 update to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial
 Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In February 2018
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2018-02&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Income
 Statement &amp;#x2013; Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220):
 Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other
 Comprehensive Income&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;. The amendments in this Update
 allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive
 income (loss) to retained earnings for stranded tax effects
 resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The amendments in this
 Update also require certain disclosures about stranded tax effects.
 The amendments in this Update are effective for all entities for
 fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018
 and interim
 periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments
 in this Update is permitted
 including adoption in any interim
 period for public business entities for reporting periods for which
 financial statements have not yet been issued. The amendments in
 this Update should be applied either in the period of adoption or
 retrospectively to each period (or periods) in which the effect of
 the change in the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate in the Tax
 Cuts and Jobs Act is recognized. This update is effective beginning
 in fiscal 2020 and we do not expect this update to have a material
 impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 10pt&gt;
 In May 2017
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2017-09&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Compensation&amp;#x2014;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope
 of Modification Accounting&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;. The amendments in this
 update provide guidance about which changes to terms or conditions
 of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply
 modification accounting in Topic 718. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-09&lt;/font&gt; will be effective for the
 Company in fiscal 2019 and should be applied prospectively to an
 award modified on or after the adoption date. The Company does not
 expect ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-09&lt;/font&gt; to have
 a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In January 2017
 the FASB issued ASC Update &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2017-04&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Intangibles&amp;#x2014;Goodwill and Other Topics (Topic 350):
 Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;. The
 purpose of this update is to reduce the cost and complexity of
 evaluating goodwill for impairment. It eliminates the need for
 entities to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill by
 assigning the fair value of a reporting unit to all of its assets
 and liabilities as if that reporting unit had been acquired in a
 business combination
 commonly referred to as &amp;#x201C;Step 2&amp;#x201D;.
 Under this amendment
 an entity will perform its goodwill
 impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit
 with its carrying amount. An impairment charge is recognized for
 the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting
 unit&amp;#x2019;s fair value. This update is effective beginning in
 fiscal 2021. We do not expect this update to have a material impact
 on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In August 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-15&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Statement
 of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
 and Cash Payments&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;. This update addresses eight specific
 cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the perceived
 diversity in practice. The amendments in this update are effective
 for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 and interim periods within those fiscal
 years. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an
 interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an
 interim period
 any adjustments should be reflected as of the
 beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An
 entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments
 in the same period. The amendments in this update should be applied
 using a retrospective transition method to each period presented.
 The Company does not expect a material impact to our statement of
 cash flows once ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-15&lt;/font&gt; is adopted in fiscal 2019.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-13&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Financial
 Instruments&amp;#x2014;Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit
 Losses on Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;. The main objective of
 this update is to provide financial statement users with more
 decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on
 financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held
 by a reporting entity at each reporting date. The amendments in
 this update replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in
 current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit
 losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable
 and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. The
 amendments in this update are effective for public business
 entities for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2019
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. A
 modified-retrospective approach is required in the first reporting
 period in which the guidance is effective through a
 cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings. We do not expect
 ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2013-13&lt;/font&gt; will have a
 significant impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements once
 adopted in fiscal 2021.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-02&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Leases
 (Topic 842)&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;. The primary goal of this update is to
 require the lessee to recognize all lease commitments
 both
 operating and finance
 by initially recording a lease asset and
 liability on the balance sheet at the lease commencement date.
 Additionally
 enhanced qualitative and quantitative disclosures
 will be required. ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-02&lt;/font&gt; is effective for public
 business entities for annual periods
 including interim periods
 within those annual periods
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018. This new guidance will be effective for the Company beginning
 in fiscal year 2020 and we do not expect to early adopt. Under ASU
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-02&lt;/font&gt; the
 guidance was be adopted using a modified retrospective approach
 with elective reliefs
 with application of the new guidance for all
 periods presented. In July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2018-11&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Leases
 (Topic 842): Targeted Improvements&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; which provides for
 another transition method by allowing entities to initially apply
 the new leases standard at the adoption date and recognize a
 cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained
 earnings in the period of adoption. The amendments in this update
 also provide lessors with a practical expedient
 by class of
 underlying asset
 to not separate &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-lease&lt;/font&gt; components from the
 associated lease component
 similar to the expedient provided for
 lessees. In July 2018
 the FASB also issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2018-10&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Codification Improvements to Topic 842
 Leases&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;
 which affects narrow aspects of the guidance issued in ASU
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2016-02.&lt;/font&gt; Based on
 our current portfolio of leases
 the Company expects the impact of
 these new standards to significantly increase total assets and
 total liabilities
 and lead to increased financial statement
 disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; and created a
 new ASC Topic 606
 &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;
 and added ASC Subtopic &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;340-40
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;i&gt;Other Assets and Deferred
 Costs &amp;#x2014; Contracts with Customers.&lt;/i&gt; The guidance in this
 update supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic
 605
 Revenue Recognition
 and most industry-specific guidance
 throughout the industry topics of the codification. Under the new
 guidance
 an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer
 of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that
 reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be
 entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Several other
 amendments have been subsequently released
 each of which provide
 additional narrow scope clarifications or improvements. In August
 2015
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;No.&amp;#xA0;2015-14&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 from Contracts with Customers
 Deferral of the Effective
 Date&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; which deferred the effective date of ASU
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; for one year.
 Consequently
 this new revenue recognition guidance will be
 effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2019
 which is
 our anticipated adoption date. We have completed our analysis of
 this accounting standard update which included a review of all
 material customer contracts and sales incentives. On June&amp;#xA0;29
 2018 we adopted the new standard utilizing the full retrospective
 method. The Company&amp;#x2019;s adoption of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt; in fiscal 2019 is not expected
 to have a material impact on our revenue recognition compared to
 previous GAAP.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 We used the following assumptions to calculate the benefit
 obligation of our SERP as of the following dates:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Average rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.38&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Bonus payment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&lt;/font&gt; 85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&amp;#xA0;paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&lt;/font&gt; 85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&amp;#xA0;paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We used the following assumptions to calculate the net periodic
 costs of our SERP as follows for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=52%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mortality&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;RP-2014&amp;#xA0;white&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 collar&amp;#xA0;with&amp;#xA0;MP-&lt;br /&gt;
 2016 scale&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;RP-2014&amp;#xA0;white&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 collar&amp;#xA0;with&amp;#xA0;MP-&lt;br /&gt;
 2015 scale&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;RP-2014&amp;#xA0;white&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 collar&amp;#xA0;with&amp;#xA0;MP-&lt;br /&gt;
 2014 scale&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Bonus payment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;- 85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;- 85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;br /&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax assets (liabilities):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;305&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;423&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;810&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
726&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;273&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;345&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
504&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
826&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capitalized leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
020&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
508&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill and intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
160&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
939&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retirement plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
484&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Workers&amp;#x2019; compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
692&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Share based compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
281&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
908&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capital loss carryforward&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;112&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;483&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(112&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax asset &amp;#x2014; long term&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
024&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
095&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Expected amortization expense the next five fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; display:table-cell; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal year ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
028&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
501&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
165&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
896&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
657&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the two
 fiscal years ended June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross goodwill balance at July&amp;#xA0;1
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
766&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accumulated amortization and impairments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
766&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net balance at July&amp;#xA0;1
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill acquired during fiscal 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net balance at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Inventories consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Raw material and supplies&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;73
209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79
609&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;Work-in-process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; and finished
 goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;101
409&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102
811&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;174
618&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;182
420&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Aggregate maturities of long-term debt are as follows for the
 fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
214&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
376&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
309&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
890&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
213&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
647&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
649&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the components of AOCL that have not
 yet been recognized in net pension expense:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
624&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
392&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
349&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net amount unrecognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
181&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted
 average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted
 earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
383
080&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
317
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
233
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options and restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66
306&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86
456&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
449
386&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
403
605&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
332
924&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value
 estimate of our current and long-term debt
 excluding unamortized
 debt issuance costs:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Carrying value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
649&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
808&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
482&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
316&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the changes in the projected benefit
 obligation for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Change in projected benefit obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
641&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
791&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;607&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;811&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial gain&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(511&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
938&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
934&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
641&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Intangible assets subject to amortization consist of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
100&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;Non-compete&lt;/font&gt; agreements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;270&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
990&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total intangible assets
 gross&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38
360&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Less accumulated amortization:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
182&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;Non-compete&lt;/font&gt; agreements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(32&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
492&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total accumulated amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
706&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18
690&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following unaudited quarterly consolidated financial data are
 presented for fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017. Quarterly financial
 results necessarily rely on estimates and caution is required in
 drawing specific conclusions from quarterly consolidated
 results.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:8pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;214
791&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;259
118&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;203
181&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;211
505&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
840&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
186&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
913&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Income from operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
336&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
249&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
103&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
421&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
432&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
756&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
601&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.92&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.76&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.91&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Cash dividends declared per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:8pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;222
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;249
375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;173
376&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;201
591&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
475&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43
389&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
426&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
633&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Income from operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
089&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
275&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
964&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
149&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
180&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
885&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
336&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
724&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.90&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.89&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.13&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.55&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Cash dividends declared per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Rent expense aggregated under these operating leases was as follows
 for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rent expense related to operating leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
880&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
775&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the
 annual effective tax rate on income from continuing operations
 are
 as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits that would affect annual effective tax
 rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;177&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The components of the net periodic pension cost are as follows for
 the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;607&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;491&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;811&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Recognized loss amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;365&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service cost amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic pension cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
577&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
764&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
341&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following is a summary of stock option activity for the year
 ended June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term&amp;#xA0;in&amp;#xA0;Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.74&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable at June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 17 &amp;#x2014; VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND
 RESERVES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following table details the activity in various allowance and
 reserve accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: table-cell&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(45&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;270&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
789&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;950&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
420&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
361&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
038&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;112&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
361&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(34
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
370&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(192&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
274&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
399&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
918&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
055&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
448&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28
646&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;199&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
928&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
753&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
918&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
478&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(27
158&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We operate in a single reporting unit and operating segment that
 consists of selling various nut and nut related products through
 multiple distribution channels.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs
 which include freight and other
 expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in
 selling expenses. Shipping and handling costs for the last three
 fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
686&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We account for stock-based employee compensation arrangements in
 accordance with the provisions of ASC&amp;#xA0;718
 as amended by
 Accounting Standard Update (&amp;#x201C;ASU&amp;#x201D;) &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-09
&lt;/font&gt; by calculating compensation
 cost based on the grant date fair value. We then amortize
 compensation expense over the vesting period. The grant date fair
 value of restricted stock units (&amp;#x201C;RSUs&amp;#x201D;) is generally
 determined based on the market price of our Common Stock on the
 date of grant. Beginning in fiscal 2017
 forfeitures are recognized
 as they occur
 and excess tax benefits or tax deficiencies are
 recognized as a component of income tax expense.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the total intrinsic value of all
 options exercised and the total cash received from the exercise of
 options for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total intrinsic value of options exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;79&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;374&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;792&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total cash received from exercise of options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 14pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 19 &amp;#x2014; SUBSEQUENT EVENT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;10
 2018
 our Board of Directors declared a special
 cash dividend of $2.00 per share and a regular annual cash dividend
 of $0.55 per share on all issued and outstanding shares of Common
 Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock of the Company (the &amp;#x201C;August 2018
 Dividends&amp;#x201D;). The August 2018 Dividends will be paid on
 August&amp;#xA0;17
 2018 to stockholders of record as of the close of
 business on August&amp;#xA0;3
 2018.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 9 &amp;#x2014; STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#x2019; EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Our Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the
 &amp;#x201C;Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock&amp;#x201D;)
 has cumulative voting rights
 with respect to the election of those directors which the holders
 of Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock are entitled to elect
 and 10 votes per share
 on all other matters on which holders of our Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock and
 Common Stock are entitled to vote
 with the exception of election
 of the directors for which the holders of Common Stock are eligible
 to elect. In addition
 each share of Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock is
 convertible at the option of the holder at any time into one share
 of Common Stock and automatically converts into one share of Common
 Stock upon any sale or transfer other than to related individuals
 or certain other events as set forth in our Restated Certificate of
 Incorporation. Each share of our Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the
 &amp;#x201C;Common Stock&amp;#x201D;) has noncumulative voting rights of one
 vote per share. The Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock and the Common Stock are
 entitled to share equally
 on a &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;share-for-share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; basis
 in any
 cash dividends declared by the Board of Directors
 and the holders
 of the Common Stock are entitled to elect 25%
 rounded up to the
 nearest whole number
 of the members comprising the Board of
 Directors. During fiscal 2017
 our Board of Directors adopted a
 dividend policy under which it intends to pay an annual cash
 dividend on our Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock during the
 first quarter of each fiscal year.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Management Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
 the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for
 customer deductions
 the quantity of bulk inventories
 the
 evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets
 the assumptions
 used in estimating the retirement plan liability and pension
 expense
 and the realizability of deferred tax assets. Actual
 results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 5 &amp;#x2014; REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 On February&amp;#xA0;7
 2008
 we entered into a Credit Agreement with a
 bank group (the &amp;#x201C;Bank Lenders&amp;#x201D;) providing a $117
500
 revolving loan commitment and letter of credit subfacility (the
 &amp;#x201C;Credit Facility&amp;#x201D;). The Credit Facility is secured by
 substantially all our assets other than real property and
 fixtures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 At June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 and June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 the weighted average
 interest rate for the Credit Facility was 3.90% and 3.11%
 respectively. The terms of the Credit Facility contain covenants
 that require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 acquisitions
 and certain sales of assets
 cash dividends
 redemptions of capital
 stock and prepayment of indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among
 other things
 is of a subordinate debt). If loan availability under
 the Borrowing Base Calculation falls below $25
000
 we will be
 required to maintain a specified fixed charge coverage ratio
 tested on a monthly basis. All cash received from customers is
 required to be applied against the Credit Facility. The Bank
 Lenders are entitled to require immediate repayment of our
 obligations under the Credit Facility in the event of default on
 the payments required under the Credit Facility
 a change in
 control in the ownership of the Company
 &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;non-compliance&lt;/font&gt; with the financial
 covenant or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us
 under the Credit Facility (including a default under the Mortgage
 Facility). As of June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018
 we were in compliance with the
 financial covenant under the Credit Facility and we currently
 expect to be in compliance with the financial covenant in the
 Credit Facility for the next twelve months. At June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018
 we had $82
972 of available credit under the Credit Facility which
 reflects borrowings of $31
278 and reduced availability as a result
 of $3
250 in outstanding letters of credit. We would still be in
 compliance with all restrictive covenants under the Credit Facility
 if this entire amount were borrowed.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;7
 2017
 we entered into the Eighth Amendment to our
 Credit Facility which eliminated the quarterly restriction on cash
 dividends and distributions and allows the Company to
 without
 obtaining lender consent
 make up to four cash dividends or
 distributions on our stock per fiscal year
 or purchase
 acquire
 redeem or retire stock in any fiscal year
 in an amount not to
 exceed $60
000 in the aggregate per fiscal year
 as long as no
 default or event of default exists and the excess availability
 under the Credit Facility remains over $30
000 immediately before
 and after giving effect to any such dividend
 distribution
 purchase or redemption.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 On November&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 we entered into the Consent and Ninth
 Amendment to our Credit Agreement (the &amp;#x201C;Ninth
 Amendment&amp;#x201D;). The Ninth Amendment provides lender consent for
 us to incur unsecured debt (in particular
 the Promissory Note) in
 connection with our acquisition of the Squirrel Brand business
 and
 for: (i)&amp;#xA0;the incurrence of unsecured debt in connection with
 the Acquisition and (ii)&amp;#xA0;the Acquisition to constitute a
 &amp;#x201C;Permitted Acquisition&amp;#x201D; under the terms of the Credit
 Agreement. The Ninth Amendment also modified our collateral
 reporting requirements.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 16 &amp;#x2014; PRODUCT TYPE SALES MIX&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of
 total gross sales. The information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments
 such as
 promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product types
 for the
 fiscal year ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; display:table-cell; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Product Type&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Peanuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Pecans&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Cashews&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Mixed Nuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Walnuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Almonds&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Trail&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Snack Mixes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Cost is depreciated using the straight-line method over the
 following estimated useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: table-cell&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;10&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Furniture and leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;10&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;5&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computers and software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;5&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Beginning balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;174&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross increases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in prior year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross decreases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in prior year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(137&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross increases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in current year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(166&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Ending balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;174&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 Depreciation expense for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
414&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
190&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Marketing and advertising costs are incurred to promote and support
 branded products in the consumer distribution channel. These costs
 are generally expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Marketing and advertising expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
064&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs
 which include freight and other
 expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in
 selling expenses. Shipping and handling costs for the last three
 fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20
418&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
682&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
686&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following table details the activity in various allowance and
 reserve accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: table-cell&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(45&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;270&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
889&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
789&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;950&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
420&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20
361&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
038&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(59&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;112&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36
361&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(34
254&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
370&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(192&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
274&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
399&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;850&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
918&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
116&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
055&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
448&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28
646&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;199&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
928&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
753&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
918&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
478&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(27
158&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within
 the office building is as follows for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
940&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
647&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
431&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
450&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
950&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;Expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the last three
 fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 401(k) plan expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
741&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
604&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Research and development expense represents the cost of our
 research and development personnel and their related expenses and
 is charged to selling expenses as incurred. Research and
 development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;701&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;658&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;653&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The net rental expense from the office building is included in the
 caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross
 rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal
 years are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross rental income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
988&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
003&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
898&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rental (expense)
 net &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
420&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
311&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
371&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=left&gt;Includes annual depreciation expense of approximately
 $800.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 11 &amp;#x2014; CASH DIVIDENDS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Our Board of Directors declared the following cash dividends
 payable in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=31%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=28%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Declaration Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Record Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dividend&amp;#xA0;Per&lt;br /&gt;
 Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;br /&gt;
 Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Payment Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 July&amp;#xA0;11
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 August&amp;#xA0;2
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
370&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 August&amp;#xA0;15
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 November&amp;#xA0;1
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 November&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
314&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 December&amp;#xA0;13
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 July&amp;#xA0;7
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 July&amp;#xA0;21
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
150&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 August&amp;#xA0;4
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;10
 2018
 our Board of Directors declared a special
 cash dividend of $2.00 per share and a regular annual cash dividend
 of $0.55 per share on all issued and outstanding shares of Common
 Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock of the Company. Refer to Note 19
 &amp;#x2013; &amp;#x201C;Subsequent Events&amp;#x201D; below.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of
 total gross sales. The information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments
 such as
 promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product types
 for the
 fiscal year ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; display:table-cell; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Product Type&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Peanuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Pecans&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Cashews&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Mixed Nuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Walnuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Almonds&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Trail&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Snack Mixes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Components of the actuarial (gain) loss portion of the change in
 projected benefit obligation are presented below for the fiscal
 years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Actuarial (Gain) Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in assumed pay increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(523&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
402&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in mortality assumptions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(193&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(132&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;185&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(467&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial (gain) loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(511&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
938&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The total Route pension liability was as follows for the last two
 fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Route pension liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;323&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      



    


    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    




















  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:srt-types=http://fasb.org/srt-types/2018-01-31
  xmlns:srt=http://fasb.org/srt/2018-01-31
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2018-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2018-01-31
  xmlns:jbss=http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20180628
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017-01-31
  xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2017-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2018-01-31
  xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2018-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
  xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2017-01-31
  xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2018-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20180628




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



















































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink





    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    





 including related party payables of $0 and $178




 Related Parties





    
    



 Net


 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $270 and $263



    
    
    


    
    















 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    



 Defined Benefit Plan

    




    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    



 12-09
 Allowance


 12-09









    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    








    
    




    


    
    










    



 Goodwill

    




    




    












    



 Consideration Transferred

    







 periodic payment











    
    



 Pro Forma Information
 Revenue of Acquiree since Acquisition Date

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Intangible Assets

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Cash Equivalents








 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Dividends
 Per Share

    
    
    















 Shares






 Shares






 Value

    


    
    


    
    



 Net of Tax

    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    




    


    
    
    



 Interest Rate

    
    


    
    














    
    

 periodic payment





    



 Periodic Payment


 periodic payment



    
    



 Long-term and Short-term

    
    



 including current maturities and short-term debt

    
    
    


    
    



 Current






 Noncurrent





    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    



 Net

    
    



 Net of Valuation Allowance

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense

    




    
    




    



 Valuation Allowance

    


    
    
    



 Defined Benefit Pension Plan

    




    



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Gain (Loss)

    



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)

    


    
    
    



 Benefit Obligation

    
    




    




    








    
    
    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    




    
    



 Benefit Obligation

    








    
    
    


    
    
    








    
    
    



 Expected Amortization of Gain (Loss)

    



 Expected Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit)

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    




    




    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    



 Employer Matching Contribution

    



 Employer Matching Contribution

    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    




    










    


    
    
    




    
    



 Common Stock

    


    
    




    
    
    




    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
















    
    




    
    




    




    



 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate

    
    



 Change in Enacted Tax Rate

    



 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity

    



 Nondeductible Expense
 Share-based Compensation Cost

    



 Other Adjustments

    



 State and Local Income Taxes






 Tax Contingency

    



 Tax Credit
 Research

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    



 Nonvested Awards

    



 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized

    




    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    



 Amortization Expense





    
    



 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense






 Amortization Expense





    
    



 Amortization Expense


 Amortization Expense









    
    












    








    
    
    


    
    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    



 Goodwill

    









 Impaired

    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 excluding refunds of $40
 $232
 and $168





    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    

103
 $785 and $1
081 to related parties





    



 Including Capitalized Interest

    



 Excluding Capitalized Interest

    


    
    


    
    



 Finished Goods and Work in Process

    




    
    




    



 Raw Materials

    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    

 less current maturities
 including related party debt of $15
507 and $10
584
 respectively and net of unamortized debt issuance costs of $79 and $124








 including related party debt of $4
341 and $474
 respectively and net of unamortized debt issuance costs of $45 and $55













    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities






 Maturities






 Maturities






 Maturities






 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest

    


    
    
















    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Effect of Adoption

    




    








    
    




    




    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    



 Future Minimum Payments Due






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments

    




    



 Future Minimum Payments Receivable






 Future Minimum Payments Receivable






 Future Minimum Payments Receivable






 Future Minimum Payments Receivable






 Future Minimum Payments Receivable





    
    
    



 Future Minimum Payments Receivable

    



 Rent Expense

    


    
    










    




    



 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period

    





 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period

    



 Defined Benefit Plan
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI

    















 Defined Benefit Plan

    



 Defined Benefit Plan
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI

    
    



 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI

    



 Defined Benefit Plan
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI






 Defined Benefit Plan
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI

    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    




    




    



 Plant





    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Defined Benefit Plan

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 Other

    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    



 plant and equipment

    





 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    
    


    
    
    




    





 Plant and Equipment






 Plant and Equipment






 Plant and Equipment






 Plant and Equipment






 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment





    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    





 less accumulated depreciation of $10
431 and $9
639





    


    
    



 Current Period

    



 Current Period












 Current Period

    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    










    


    
    


    
    




    






    



 Long-term Capital Lease Obligations

    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    

 12-09



    
    

 12-09



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    



 Real Estate Transactions

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Goods







    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    


    
    










    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    



 Stock Options

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 12-09

    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    




    
    




    
    




    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures






 Equity Instruments Other than Options





    
    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested








 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested








 other than options

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period







    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    



 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Options





    
    
    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options
 Grants in Period

    


    
    
    



 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Outstanding





    
    



 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options
 Forfeitures in Period






 Options
 Grants in Period







    












    


    
    
    


    


    



 Weighted Average Interest Rate

    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Shares
 Share-based Compensation


 net of shares withheld for employee taxes




 Options






 Value
 Share-based Compensation





    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    











 at cost; 117



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    




    




    




    


    


    




    




    



 that if recognized

    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    



 12-09
 Valuation Allowance


 12-09




 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves

    
    



 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Additions

    



 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves

    



 12-09


 12-09




 12-09


 12-09




 12-09


 12-09




 12-09


 12-09




 12-09


 12-09



    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g582081g0820200521391.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 $G ?D# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

367PYU^&
MUD'G6]ND-R\EI9Q74BI$&C9RR ;@

M'(


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
*.QA82?ZPRKO9_J6R30!@^'M3FN/$P+

42J3^0JS0 444


M)H$MZPEUJ\:Z/7[/'E(1^'5OQJYH^B6NB131VS2OYKAW:5LDD  =O0M*@.
M&*WB6*&)(XUXHH 'X5)110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 52TS_CVD_Z[R_\ H9J[5+3/^/:3_KO+_PAF@[1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%5-0U*VTRV
]S)M'15'+
?0#N: ++NL:
[L%

M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *:[%(V8*6(!.!U-.I&4.A4
(MS?%[N3=-+YWS.NTKL)[C!-2MX T
MF4?9Y!&Z%5C#_+&2%!9?1OD7GVH T]UG^U]-DN)8A!+!/);S)G(5T8J<'N.

4+M([2'+.S$EB3W))HTL!;60


=
M+EM(97DD#/&K-B)L D?2KL'B+2;A@J7T08] YVG]:THXUBB2-!A$4*H] *@N

MMUO3#_IMJM] .LUJ


QP!6$U_?:ZQBTL-;671[UQRW^X/ZT 6]
M1UM;:86=G$;J_;I$G1/=CV%
T_166X&H:G*+F_(X./DB'H@_K5W3M+M=+A
=
MNGS
7_P!#-7:I:9_Q[2?]=Y?_
M $,T 7:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H;JZ@LK=I[F58XU'
M+

MB@#.O]$L-18230[9A]V:
[7'XBJ/E:[I1S#(NIVP_@D^64#V/0UOT4 9%MXC
ML)I/)G9[2XZ&*X78?P/0UK*RNH92#T(-17-G;7D9CN8(Y4/9U!K)/AF%BU


TF53)ST'%=;'%'#&(X
MD5$'15& * 
6+0I;R9;G6KC[4XY6W48B3\.Y^M;@ 50J@ #@ #I2T4 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

M(-(66:
ZA '@C\V0;ONK@'/ZC\Z\WM/!/BBST'4-+M8;2VN[L 10%H8-I#




J!O0L
UDZ?X7



M.YQ619:=XBCG9KG5X9(\D!1#SC''XYKG/$W@_P 1:DVG'^U#J$


M7V..N: .ZT[4;35;&.]L9TFMY!E74U.TL: EY%4 9))Q7GOA3P3JUE?7DNH7

T ;+ZE8QG#74

DNUVE!(
#DKG'&:6Y\+Z1=W1N)[0.YP2
D#/3
M./6KKZ782F
R6D+F-=J;D!P/2@#
NO%EC:K&[)





\_C0!#+XW\-Q0F7^UH

0V5O'V^6

NC7+K'N[8QZU6M)O&^IS$:A:KIT.0-MO(


C6T9M[
M_80D) 







[=JX?[EH5W'NV=N./QI


M BBB@ HHHH ,8Z4444 (RJZ[74,I[$9JCI44:P2,L:*?/E&0H'&\U?JEIG_
M ![2?]=Y?_0S0!=HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

M[^] &O15'^TA_P ^EU_WP/\ &C^TA_SZ77_? _QH O451_M(?\^EU_WP/\:/
M[2'_ #Z77_? _P : +U%4?[2'_/I=?\ ? _QH_M(?\^EU_WP/\: +U%4?[2'


M\#_&C^TA_P ^EU_WP/\ &@]15'^TA_SZ77_ 'P/\:/[2'_/I=?]\#_&@]1
M5'^TA_SZ77_? _QH_M(?\^EU_P!\#_&@]15'^TA_P ^EU_WP/\ &F/JCAT

MEU_WP/\ &C^TA_SZ77_? _QH O451_M(?\^EU_WP/\:/[2'_ #Z77_? _P :
M +U%4?[2'_/I=?\ ? _QH_M(?\^EU_WP/\: +U%4?[2'_/I=?]\#_&D;4R$8
MK9W1;' V#K^= %^BL^/4V




M0NBNC2
Q8N01][G /:M&R\

V

MW$TTZJJD


W\?V5
MU=6EK':N+F=W1HWE1?+*D \YYZ]J;:^ (;.UN8X-3NHYIHC$LJ!5\L8V@@ 8
MR!QFHU^'<']GVUB=1E\F%=IVPQJ7&<]<9!SW'6@^?'&E_VI#IX2<S2K*P.S

M[U()!P1C.1^(JN?!=E_8PTU9I1&)TF#\;OD(('3IQ3M*\(6FDZY+J4
TAW;]
0S(M]<1--<W$
MY*A3@3##J 1CIT/44 =;%()8DD4$!U# $8/-/J.WA6VMHH$)*QH$&3DX Q4E
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !145S;K
M=6TD#/*BN,%HIC#Z
.161_PB]M_T$=8_P#!E-_\50!-/XGT.UO6LY]5M8[A




M];%I;&:RNC+&QB63S&:/GJ2


M

3ZM%=1VC1M
ODQM_RW<,/RQS56P\#ZY_9]TUS'!'Y!OOLT?ZR4RY
M4;CG&





1






!U(%2UP=]X

MI0WD7RRJT


+3[JU6 7D5[;I*C$JR]5
M8YR5]/2@#KO^$CT3S88O[5L_
G8K$OFC+D'! _'BD?Q-H49N ^KV:FV.)@9E






4 7K
MF\MK*


MN[RX8VD?:


G&00QQSZXK4U#3/M=A

RLC';
A!#+SPI

<)'1[;RU\U-B[F)&
M[& N#U[U@:Q\
9=8
]N]W!!933[VQJ2R3
(%';9QGUJ2;X=W\HDO/MMJ-2


O:364ZF)O*6.0CE!G.X8[]?:@#H1XBT8
MWKV8U2T^TQAB\7FC<H49.1[#FBW\1:-=QH]OJEI(LCF-LH.6 R1]0.:XR+X




5U9SL1$1D0H5(_$G(I(?AA=1-9;[Z&
M5%C6*X0M(BE5F




PVEAU&


MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=jbss_NoncumulativeCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_FurnitureAndLeaseholdImprovements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_VehiclesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RealEstateInvestmentPropertyNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_OtherLongTermAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_CashSurrenderValueOfOfficersLifeInsuranceAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=jbss_NoncumulativeCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RealEstateInvestmentPropertyAccumulatedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsCurrentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=jbss_NoncumulativeCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RentalAndMiscellaneousExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleEffectOfAdoptionQuantification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromLifeInsurancePolicies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfBankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_SupplementalDisclosuresOfNonCashInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionDebtAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RevolvingCreditFacilityTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FederalHomeLoanBanksAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DividendsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PostemploymentBenefitsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeSalesMixTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionRealEstateTransactionsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorCustomersPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfDepreciationExpensesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfGrossRentalIncomeAndRentalExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCarryingValuesAndEstimatedFairValuesOfDebtInstrumentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfAdvertisingExpensesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfShippingAndHandlingCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfWeightedAverageNumberOfSharesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRentExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsDeclaredTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PostemploymentBenefitsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_EmployeesBenefitPlanExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiabilityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfActuarialGainLossInProjectedBenefitObligationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostNotYetRecognizedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PeriodToShellBulkStoredNutInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfIndividualTaxPositionMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationLikelihoodOfUnfavorableSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_GoodwillImpairmentThresholdPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201707Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentFromAdministrativeExpenseToOtherExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfCustomersExceedingTenPercentOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ConcentrationRiskMajorCustomersSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=jbss_ElginSiteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfRentableAreaCurrentlyVacant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfBuildingsLocatedOnSite'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_Percentageofbuildingnotbuiltout'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_GrossRentalIncomeAndExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RentalIncomeNonoperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_GrossRentalIncomeAndExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationNonproduction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ExpectedFutureGrossRentalIncomeUnderOperatingLeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShippingAndHandlingCostsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AntiDilutiveSharesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_WeightedAverageExercisePriceOfAntiDilutiveOptionsOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsAndWorkInProcessNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AcquisitionDateLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEffectiveDateOfAcquisition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredPromissoryNoteTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_UnsecuredPromissoryNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AcquisitionDateLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredPromissoryNoteTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=jbss_SquirrelBrandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AcquisitionDateLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PurchasePriceBeforeWorkingCapitalAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEffectiveDateOfAcquisition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=jbss_SquirrelBrandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AcquisitionDateLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=jbss_SquirrelBrandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AcquisitionDateLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=jbss_SquirrelBrandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AcquisitionDateLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=jbss_SquirrelBrandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AcquisitionDateLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredPromissoryNoteTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillExpectedTaxDeductibleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=jbss_SquirrelBrandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=jbss_SquirrelBrandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=jbss_SquirrelBrandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutedEarningsPerShareProForma'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccumulatedAmortizationAndImpairmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccumulatedAmortizationAndImpairmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccumulatedAmortizationAndImpairmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccumulatedAmortizationAndImpairmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=jbss_SquirrelBrandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseCurrentAndFiveSucceedingFiscalYearsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=jbss_EighthAmendmentToCreditAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ExcessCreditAvailability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=jbss_EighthAmendmentToCreditAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatutoryAccountingPracticesStatutoryAmountAvailableForDividendPaymentsWithoutRegulatoryApproval'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfCashDividendOrDistributionWithoutObtainingBankConsent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MinimumLoanAvailabilityRequiredBeforeFixedChargeCoverageRatioCovenantIsApplicable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtLongTermAndShortTermCombinedAmountNetOfUnamortizedDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtLongTermAndShortTermCombinedAmountNetOfUnamortizedDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=jbss_SquirrelBrandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_UnsecuredPromissoryNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtInstrumentPaymentCommencementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationDueInInstallmentsThroughSeptemberOneTwoThousandThirtyOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=jbss_SquirrelBrandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtInstrumentPaymentCommencementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEffectiveDateOfAcquisition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredPromissoryNoteTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtInstrumentIncreaseInInterestRateInCaseOfDefault'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=jbss_PromissoryNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescriptionOfVariableRateBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NetWorthToBeMaintainedSpecifiedUnderMortgageFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PledgedAssetsNotSeparatelyReportedOnStatementOfFinancialPosition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertySoldToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_LeasePeriodForFairValueRentRenewalOption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_LeasePeriodForFairValueRent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfPurchasePriceOnFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfPurchasePriceOnFairValueInCertainCircumstances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MinimumRepurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_UnsecuredPromissoryNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredLiabilitiesIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredPromissoryNoteTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredPromissoryNoteInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtInstrumentPaymentCommencementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DiscreteTaxExpenseForRevaluationOfDeferredTaxAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_IL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrentClassificationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalizedLeasesNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationReserveCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=jbss_NoncumulativeCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_StockholdersEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RightOfElectingMembersOfBoardOfDirectorsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfNoncumulativeVotingPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_StockholdersEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfVotingPerShareOnOtherMatters'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ConvertibleNumberOfCommonShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=jbss_AwardsToAllParticipantsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=jbss_AwardsToOneParticipantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingNumberVested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumAmountOfOptionsOrStockAppreciationRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumAmountPayableInCashAndProperty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantedExercisablePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfDividendsPayableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_SpecialDividendAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAndDefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PaymentToLaborers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameAxis=jbss_EmployeeContributionFirstThreePercentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAndDefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanNameAxis=jbss_EmployeeContributionNextTwoPercentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAndDefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_K401PlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiabilityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCreditNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfActuarialGainLossInProjectedBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeInAssumedPayIncreasesImpactingActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeInDiscountRateImpactingActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeInMortalityAssumptionImpactingActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ActuarialGainLossOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanDescriptionOfBonusPaymentBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MortalityMorbidityAndSurrenderRateAssumption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanDescriptionOfBonusPaymentNetPeriodicCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureBenefitPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetPriorServiceCostCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetUnamortizedGainLossMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfCommonOwnershipOrManagementControlRelationships'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_PeanutsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_PecansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_CashewsAndMixedNutsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_WalnutsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_AlmondsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_TrailAndSnackMixesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_OtherProductMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=jbss_ReserveForCashDiscountsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=jbss_ReserveForCustomerDeductionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_SpecialDividendAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear'






5-G8SMMJ:Q7^P-9*^_1*O

_1!XQD
-U-=G!)J+!E)Z(@ )(ZH96IG!-N;AY\

MBXX25&4%K%\FAO


M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!


%;5=9Z&9Z





'#0?-
MECA^?X_^Q25ODWGA6FQD^;O8F]
RS

.BS_RXNHK3P
M=B568R=+[7Z#W5D;6?51[%(J_M8]B]H]K]V7+.EI.('V!#H0:/XA@?4$-A#(
MQPI)3T@\0M2EXO9FRPU?+92\!JH[WH:W543N$[O[NW;2;;;[9K='V]G+*EY$
MES9
CUAW#ID $1V=B# 



D/FN0S 3

()?8AB&3:C@
M9B?0RS3Q51#

P4W6&.Y] ZU.OSK8]


V$$5_Q?#[KLF9



MH&

M__K1[ONKKS?

)X).DG)RD(2S3F(04GX7ADHJ=K:7
M8'H)Z*527@+TXI-$KV0+0U:14

MG'*2H!.25#F=]X8L
*=DNZE

XSV
Q4!366[X@NG'AG


T.SUBD1!7
MAJK/G5+FV/#T2$_1]/3(129A!S-EZ'RL?&&-]#9 /1)4+V!SCW0DGV*E(6KJ
M7'2QX


M'$RQE

X5(+-K@(P14UN B!
MQ)[@J31DE440$HVM@BQ%36V'F4?-1@-U0LO@!1LJ%%U-QSDAC*)CJ.(
M67!.@4RV\AB+NC+BL9RT5RP'1#E;G 3[;IQTB_J.G'B+4H4+\9*A]R*
P5


M1I@F#5










MDZ %3
%)MF]?&U@$GJ'97 1LSHR_
9





MY5U-GD&R[27^1.+/%1E4!.$H\?3Z(X2/0OA=?#B%V(7A)WDJJ'8

M4) (@C +)()K6-N604D4X10Q2A%#BL2BB
$2=G] !64)3L%0@8I4HNP36B


M.W=E

U)HC2GP9Q_I
MIOYC$WU .:??9)HTQMPZ;0 _TH9:$?VU#WA7
FW# I=
41 6.@<AT0(M$%S1]EF)F=@XR7(E);[^?2E9\=G+T;U8$CV[

C2.P1[_\^'I

M)!T'I$DIP?J
B:_Z24V6IF(-; !



MS*8S5BD,D52IBC4%DJNIW7B#6!626\%]*:2N1JI8J 5I'4*D(R9#C@#6 )
ML=S!(9C25_O!V[TSEBM68?FD.1=8.1@H!TGEX+#6A^F!0#(Z!0 E/+.M8*P9
MS(!Q*AES&%YK).



)

D&0'D?E#9^8U2W18A631 L7S@'3!]4G%!L=*FJ)'L
M!.#2DBA!41L$
VZEA.6L.?D;UNJ)O,W
MOE=A<]$O?#^&5P]C[[GBO\)%R :;C+1
0I.I/UZQ5DJ3IV*3H7BCV%MF5U[
MIW^E+1
B1XA&0KCZDA [0OQ)2+XD)(Z0S AH*

?[?#YA*%



M_P%02P






4UJZ99[]LUU7F]NQ

YS\KV[^CYK:SR7==*+667

^UO]B

X

O:9.\0(
MG[E'#/G




M\P&
6(V'SH2'F0\!52/'2NNK%?$'8?&B(




_P=0
M2P


%UZ^:ICAU8GM*K('4+!^;P:]-@]F\'A/:9Z[OW

M57*D]$T=OITRUU.&@$ IE *6RPWV0(@2DC;^CIKNE%(1Y_N[^A==NZSEB#GL

ZI(



MZ4#@+-1V+?=LF&3#0=!N'-)H^J?(_P-02P
$%     @ (X$63;.H5D%M!0





(Q_O/
M&@L=]FO*




ML(_P@4FLX['9=^/OXO&MZYO#'52.=3?INON.%X_IG^\F8OA C07H',!Y7Y:
M0,\%](\/Z_!S 4

MA(;MU&-Y?=5.@P
8&



M)407A+EZR-4#KIYQ];(2Y]BPJ21HI;SA


DY'GC
M*HBC$]@%$HE!ICKJT'!^.3XD9=%E/GGL^)P#*Z9Q/H!:*46IX8&M2 $O

&4E;H@PED@%S4@!-W+$24L+69&3HUKB)08TR!8GB7L
*R

/Q)4
M))2#L*\0\!7/W9 KVA3\
]?(9S*K$B8(



:
U]A@-/
;S%$^#19!-

M8C0V!@V









MH;RWU-]M8W330A9S'##!%#






;G4FL9(+XE
T/M8%S:(@4%#Y


MXB
MBTK-)2C+M4(&F@+?)8=C%O 1\



VR;0F4 7PC[&

C1Z1F7K?L_#$R8'ZWE3!&5L1[WSRUGLO9;K/R27HS)#C!*$K

*/T*2V^Q=#++J







-'J/$?
M;#(D5X<O_BS&<9L
!RVXP]BTS?._P)02P

3

M$I*N:61;:CI-F[1)4:=UGXE]ME&!\P#'W;\?8-?S-FM?@#ONO7MW'-F ]L6U




M-#E28F_2)^\\\ ^\/0FO\/':?\B;.-(Q?TX653_VM$#T'*YB:
4!L^V&PH

$%     @ (X$633/\#?^T 0  T@

)?V0X
WM36:1'0= WSG0-1)9!6C&\VUTP+:6B1)=_)


\'2J;B/\
%
M%(9')9BCM

72+1%'

&2?

D6/=7@FC1-GI2V



=R




;/F9
N*0-P

5_@2LH# ]*
$=I
ME(LK*0?GC9Y94(H6K]

M^UZ$)]X=.?:F#
[8BGB'XAUZKP5/;C-V#41SS&F*X:N8W1+!D'U)P;=2G/@_
(T.5*:H8N3O/(N








5MUH(6]

#@9$'4%:


MF.SF3$(E%\3G8'RJWH(@D!!Y0*#\-L5'DI0.1E_%PXZ9HR +?G5_8/L79?

(3)T?N




M_ U02P
$%     @ (X$63?-(5X&U 0  T@




M2P

M965T

MG?Q]!^RX5NOV!9CAG#


K8AW
MF+Q#[[7@Z2%CUR T8TX3AJ\PZ8)@J+Z$X%LA3OPO.M^F[S8SW$7Z;DU/_A%_
-///X@MW[CX!5!+ P04



&D-<= 4]'YW/!UB? KX)F'TJS.)E5RL?8[&
MQ[J@610$JH0&01N5W@ I2(1RO@^<](E902NSZ_L[U/M6


+2M'B9=JE2?LX


5'8P:9)7WF5@[WEZDU_AT[1_%JZ5QI.+#?BR
MJ?^-M0%02G:#(]3A!UL,!4V(Q[=X=M.834:P_?R#V/*-RY]02P,$%     @
M(X$632H8[6BT 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

M?5-A;]P@#/TKB!]0+B3=JE
2J==JVJ1-.G7:]IE+G 05X@S(I?OW Y)FV1;U

O6O6VH)USPY$Q6W6@A;W! 7I_TZ#1PGG3M
P.!D0=



*WM++NC\R\;^-X@.


RYX;6Q]4]MN
MVS 

]$?.+MB6-ORNA,K4AW*-ZC]U9P?I^Q6R2:
M8LYC#%_$;.<(ANQSKZ6XLS_@?-U^&Y5X2[!=W\H/*P3[%<)]HE@_]\2UV*.

2.I






MQ1:52FKHK


9L


M@
2CWC.
7F.NYI60N







M9%MJ6E6;M$E1IVV?B7VV48'S 
?=OQ]@U_

M95Q.6^^[(V.N;$$+=X



M



)A;J


G%F*=@?*ERF@1!(*'T@4'@=H5[D#(0H8Q?
R==

TC^8\3/
]=Q2
A?_%:X@
3PH




$96Q'O4+Q#[[7@^T/&KH%HCCE-
7P5LULB&+(O*?A6


MT423S1GU
S/$R@<[JGSXX'V78^.EB9]Z*%+^_]F<;++:PU%*#<1(-L= 4]&Y_
M/&4Q/@5\DSZU9G$2BZ(C]'X6!=T%P6!@LI'!A&V*]R#4I$HR/@Q<](E902N



M][V(3[P_\M;*CI3*])=$.^]UKR;)^S:R2:8TY3#%_%O$2PP+ZDX%LI3OPO

MV

M9AV_1])PTNP+[^\_V#_;S9O-O#+%GT3]JSKH\SHLP^# C^Q2ZV=Q^\+'#65A
M
.[^&[_RVL#[E1B-O:B5_0WV%Z5%



B$BPSY)42QI;-RBLL3N,+$EB?WZ@N/?@H)4DN0_K?%S-DBPN18
M)(,B&2 H'!&$*;%(#D5R0+!P1  FB[%( 46*&4%2.AIS
T\GZ2$&B4@H(X(
MPB189 %%%H# /=H(DV$1$F








&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#
Q+GAM



8J[M&T+7.]!5Y'
MDI(L39(;IKC0M

CE1ETG.25=QG8^_B([]\FO9OW+9.W(V'E\V
M]K\QQ@.FDESA'7XP19#0N/#\1;/=AJSR?FGW\06[YQ^0=02P
$%     @









*5G_*ZH_

)U
 YE7_.P
28X1W^



VE^\.X7F;@KK



M=#



-38'O=X=CYO$!\
QA

MBR]U@1.?$ BHK%=@;KC  PCAA5P:OQ9-O%IZXG;^IOXIU.YJ.3
##TK\Y+7M


U+GAM;'54;6^;
!#^*\@_H8F+S0I*;5M$F;%'7:



*L)01W[)
$PB0-[
M%\[P\ 3-
 GAR3P\WN$$:Y1@'0C6_Y68+DK$

MJ





MD81')/_Z$F8G@8S3#T]7=/C*RP0ILO,#FGQ*_7I48P&P^;(-!MD&!.*K
M(',=2O(ZN(XJ,8_68U*.0@_+BOO,A6WB;_X#_@T4@]4-9W0ZR-?3[^DFLI

9MO]B]FM[R9!C9SV-*EG]%\1=02P
$%     @ (X$6
&UL;53K
MCIP@%'X5X@,LWMU.U&1GFZ9-VF2R3=O?C!XO61 +.&[?OH.M2Y_!L[QNYS#

AG+EYE!Z#0&Z.#++Q.J?&$L:PZ8$0^\!$&_:7A@A&E0]%B.0H@M24QBD/?








MDZ8G%IJ/AR.IRS@(^[A



=M





$%     @ (X$6






!^

ZR&77^!$VRTZ3ZC'VC_$O?!AS




-D\2!9-$@6$7B\Q+#W%=-HV3H-OP9 VJU-B'


M/;_EV;!J6
:4K/^*\@]02P
$%     @ (X$63?BX+5RW 0  T@
  !D   !X

H^^DRES/3C!%9P
MLH.4S/P]@M!C@7?XS?'$V\X%!RGSGK7P$]RO_F2\11:5FDM0EFN%##0%OML=

FG@)&8CK
M\YOZ8ZS=UW)F%NZU^

C$QZBT

@6+F#\RQ
C=Z1&;J
/4E!-T*<:2?
MZ'2;GFYFF$9ZNJ:GR;9 MBF018'L78E?/I2X@=E_#$)6/95@VCA-%E5Z4'&2
M5]YE8.]H?)/_\&G:?S#3<F7163O_LK'_C=8.?K)E1^ASG^PQ1#0N'\]6<S
MC=ED.-W//X@LW[C\!U!+ P04      C@19-^]F7HK4!  #2 P  &0   'AL


RYX;6QM4]M.W# 0_17+'X!WG86N5DDD%E05
MJ9565W/WF1R$;X$V]G0O^_82% 7FS/^)PS%X_3P=AGUP!X\JJD=AEMO.\.

E
MKE=*V']'D&;(Z):^.1[;NO'!P?*T$S7\!O^G.UFTV*Q2M@JT:XTF%JJ
WFX/




M2M7VF;7'-@IX7

46&@U.R@XLA=M!:
MF#]G4#CF=$]?'4^R:5UPL+K10/?P?WH+\9;;%&II(;.2NR(@3JG#_O3.0WX
M/@I8;2K



JR\A^%:(
_^/SK?I
MR6:&2:0G:WIRV!9(-P72*)#^4^+]NQ*W
.^#L%5/-9@F3I
E)0Y=G.25=QG8
M!Q[?Y T^3?LW81K967)%YU\V]K]&=.!3V=WY$6K]!UL
!;4+QP_^;*8QFPR'
M_?R#V/*-B[]02P
$%     @ (X$634=$U5JW 0  T@

M[L;TH/&F






K8AWF+Q#[[5


D*LU\0#-67$
E6B%/RCIYLT]/-
M#--(3]?T]..V0+8ID$6![+\2#V]*W



M:&5E='

N7WDD4K%0E8I8/_9B
M*M*TTJ3]^-LJ=8\V*\'3]P_M7^K@=3O<2FF

M*MJ 0M=IH_\N]B+5\
H3;6


M-PBY
2%@@@P3,.[F!G!%W


* J@@J!4$'05](UJ$

W ]\P
6TPX8D)R^;J
M0Q-]8


Z79N63V&

&0;X
MP

M_Z!SL!'Q\CA(Q4I5KWW]7C3W_6:@Y+;]EN$=/ZB
_P-02P
$%     @ (X$6


4NDZ\)P\54-(S


M3M=L=V;:HXSWDI(HC/'%HV8;,$
TPP(;!1GT*$:R&R\(Z^+_1T3D%G*X
MASQOUY.(5NN


 -5F^=F
AB4VFZW9B^'H1L








R\*RV3J^-V2AEU.&W@_

DB0@0HF_^T1PDQQDA%

NH3

TP\%-@
E#Z@%IN!HKN@
MIQ:!/*]BBAU#D1E\%-@
-'M +38#!5=7RT^4K%CJ' #)GGZJ'8#'3R@%IL


W3?AW)H]YI8*MT*;?=%WA00C-32WQDSG/)]/W

L2?I&'\3


ME6M%H185JQT.^=Y]]G:G2.


MX B$:%EX^^@Z8XI-7$ZOZM_-;6K6BY8P)&1/]55EGLW=ITKY+@E\H5UWVH





M'=O*LZ_O]2Q^4.VF[PX?









_CYF2!;/_C #6;GI45XN


M'F[P#)0:(UW&^^CI3TB3.)_?W5]L[[J7 Y'PS.G?YJ3JK9_[W@G.Y$K5*^^_
BB2V'D8QB;UH[]Z']/<R?@
0%/

1.




2H'W!
^-SCL_X0C9R\2Y; .5]
-K+W&^5&O8(R:H%1N0#'Z#7
M

 1790$[P ]3/X2!TAF:5NF/0RX[WGH F]S^%^Q(;O 6\=3#*
MF]@SG1PY?S?)USKW V



8C&]


MSPF%1IEPIV


MF&PY\P14F?\2;@^)P5O 6PN]G.P]4\F)\W=C?\S/S ) 8%&06LEPOL@1 C
MI-/XZS3]

MT=J[R5/

M*8C:SI#TGYFRK1KXAW']4R]V3FW^GQ':;M)C/

M*]!)!D]ZH!K]W(P&@4J9[5KOQ3!T@Z%XY]X3-#YJ^7]02P
$%     @ (X$6


5@'(^&&UDXE9*M3N$9%8!(_*!M]#HDX(+1I0V18ED*X#DEL0H





E7K8WRZJO4?YFVB[
MZ
EQ!15%VVB1
IK]9P:BM#
DG8QWC3+MFGFG
7T*S#U9^/=Z?(=I^Y099O\7
M$67=2.?


MT:4-D6)9N Y);$* H\;X
8J1LWC:WO)-*8=XK6#9R$(SO&B/BW!\K[Q/7=

MCAC^;DO


^\TH
^!N2$+_UX/




M(@T63ZPCK;IS9KS!4FWY!8B.$WPRI(:P/,BT.Z=?/
U X\S]A5TKHE!^Z(

M_F8?:[P!O-:D%[.UHY



M*09



!NS4HD?(?@U)8[L):,T)#1\^Y/Q/F05


T@ MO(/9]H0?C'#3S@EN[92_\]GU6F^/@?Z!5_4
MS5WAS'Y(3



MY;1K!L_!&#Z&N7_ %!+ P04      C@19-?F
93=8!  !(!   &0   'AL


M2M%6W3X[

51&&XP(QT/BLSY3K+(Q$73CL-)
M(G5AC

\=TVKK0
764\:^ GZ5W^2QL(32]4QX*H3'$FH\^!A
M?3BF%N\ +QT

)DD;


2#I




R;)
MF?,W4WPO4S\PAH!!H8PU<








NBYD^M


A$-).V^8&13(










BEZ+S9/_P6V;?
=E0\VP.

M JM[ 1I.JNQC$A?3N!@:)12GK%#*:D:)L@FD#XGO(&0=IS@D1B$Q8H5
*/&
MDD0X(T$9R9R13!#)#+%.XA'I@D18S026=43ZLTABG9@E0RC1A)+-*%%$


?
[*;S;2R=









:4E


ME((I]PS*J]*#RK&J?O_5HW;NT&_3O-3\ # 8^$*/TO@0P$\D&(7?&]
U?J
M%ZIIGDG1!;+_6VU/1%MB;G,T@;=W;EWIEIEHK


M-^.EGP8?


TV;M$E5



%P$

M3X+*21 YV4!.



T8H9*.08[AW7.%1!SJ6%$U1X&&'</Y&

E?!!




MPI

]9YZ IO ?


MAO^5Q\F]FR!R:HPL0;35&



M(V6_14@4#5 L'E@/G?I2




O:$EA)^$Z$M

M%K
;

XT\(I-2G$

F
9AN;)7G)XMNW8/\


XQ5V4#'U)
8H#=O:B$[IDTH+U@-



MDR9UFMYIXI#L_)3$2TD\%+*A3!JZHA :1GX*]5*HAQ)O*/21$J743TF]E-1#



!RT/KV=NWKVT(91/W!MO#


O7=
J$T!%UN
&




M


Y!
H2+
DT#X




ZVK1B[]@U+M0Q#(S8'7

27.2Q_\MXGG<G]09B)8+5JVYS^Y^M4^=7H4C%ZV9<T;68K&Z_AN




@%HB(1  Z3
MH3 9 C


M1-W3

M+S+]0(EVN*0%XTUQ]1]02P
$%     @ )($636TDF)?A @  7 P  !D   !X
















$
&ULE5C;;N,V$/T50Q^PXE67P#;0=;S; BT0[*+MLV+3L;2Z$I*O/W[

MRS*K__VLGW=!#1X?? M?SJWW8-PN[YD3^J[:O^\/-3F+IR\'/-254VNJU6M



MW6(2/L?L7(Q(Y1QS#_RDR1RS=S%LCOCB(KB80[XBHG3A8A4U88S KK'? ;
M!Q$AV &'#GCO0

LC68;

JQ*CE29V&0(Y&E]
M'$N7NV

M'L!Q#^!N#Y#$:K([#GH E0LA]P#A-L#P%\Q /+]%Q-8_L)5MDR9S8- G@DE
ML/P%.+6[/.#43E-_ZG '$&#I\2F0B![K(0W[SRZ%VE_9/537C6K1]VVNNQ?


M5WU6U=;/?.\





M\61.#XP($X#8@VBF4&4A(LR!DUB-:W5I#C\@!(Y*9&#LEB*W:)YQ22)FY*



L2


;*;VM_0
M_1JEDJ 0OW-R;J[N+6GEA=)7.5AOI[8K

M

^/1!L*;4N[_TY.I!!P




R::#'AE17/-=Y-%O7L



!3]*XCW%FR
1<

MKA9N[$FN%N*DZZKE3S)0IZ9A\E_):W%9ABA\'WBN#D=M!Z+5HF
'_I/K7]V3


:TQ&G[7?V+2]XD\\(47XOZ3[73QV68A\&.[]FI

MH

8-(B(SZ& )#(4H\H^/K .LY(B'7
MD,T<4F2PB03,,W'\9)IG&L,!!0@3H!<2O4#V&.DS;%RK.L)\M@
IBE'@)

 $]RO_)+0;\4\.N5I:2S
M*A!.?4
 Z@B2S//




VW9'_)]1XMNN
!$XRUJ]1]02P
$%



-KL4W9T(KQ
60
M7BS64(Q.2E25EFO;H56AHC;31


MEG(@Y$
.OIU6IBT3X1(?N;1 XG+#&UR6TDGD^-N;FL
SI7!\?W?/5/&BF -B

5);1B4^


PJB=105:W4
M2JM6;:^]B9.@!4S!2;9O7]NP*+&'W@3;^6?FF\&
O;JJ_G4X2:FCMZ9NAW5\

M5NJLZZJ5SWTTG)M&]'^WLE;7=8SC]X7OU?&D[4*R677B*'](_;-[[LTLF;WL







#?C?KSZC!.MNNE:











M72*VUX@XN83LKB%?T@EC,?):'33:.3X\=Q$\ ^!^*9 [ 22BZ2+')L1LW*8
MSF'-%UDO8&)5XNPUYAHZ97



M :3U04DK$KN6LMLC)/(:*!8/K(-6G92
4RR5R2LD.@ZX


M0K202N-]TK3GD)JXW%_57TSMJI8S%G!@Y&]3R#JQ(]LJH
0]D:]L^ 93/8^V

M_D3P/PG!EX1@(@0K AI+
[5PCO/Z+.G+\G*GZG9'4?M4V8<_)^85TTKK#.3Z@J:
MBU(R)D'EZ#RH::K56S
;!$JIMZ':\W'B1D.R;GI
T/RBI?\!4$L#!!0    (

&L[8?OVM0U!+#@W





Z-^FE/7!

8].9


@*



^=Z!:%*15HQGV1W30AI:%2FW=55A
M#T%) UM'_$%KX?YO0-FAI#D])5[DO@LQP:JB%WMXA?#6;QU&;&9II ;CI37$
M05O2'_EZLXSX!'B7




US2\DT_#


'JB06E:/$Y6FF2'2;^4]GU CX5\+F C[.
C9+RGR*(JG!V

8\L]-^-4F



ZGL.7\S


MB]*^ZU;_2G


M/ $-K


9E
M*^U_F:;K?2?B5)32VW.EZ[6MJD?.%6B'P8OVENM&VTTH')49QGHLFF[33!2O

$%     @ )($63;$7VBG* P  41

H\CW#_D_Q+DH-[S+1
;:R;/MO;_O6*ED9+SJ5*O\8KD7=7T_&

M]7#
NV5'[B




M8BO(@(E'O%@4)IH.#I3 0 D(Y%AI*7207K_2
N@@ QFD%M5LMDIH%#J9DA +
M/ 21


KH

X=P-(X88Z$

R!&P#


4RI$!AS-XM&M!8\&;;X8B%I4B!%+F]ZS2@




'XU@W'$AB
M1MB KB7


B07IE[X[1/M$TI\K\_^[U2IN4F$LW8








]#P$-P
$



MN.J5?P!02P

M$-;G?N#? J_-N98Z@(JLPV?X!?)W=^#JA :5JJ'0BH:U'H=3[C\'FWVB\0;P



([
M






 ]R4'R$%)YQ2T/*

=L[NI(S8Z_Z\.V2NYXV! 1*J16P6NYP
M $*TD++Q=]1TIY2:.-\_U+^8VE4M9RS@P



3L!TPPP_@3 BGU*45@2[$/5O3@8X+#&A%&'R''-23=V$V$
MUCI#PP_G)OS$+A!9!2(C$




Z$<L+Q<
MR(I4E3*2

9
MF/4DKF


1$8V8%
?&864-
M



MINGWT
1B5D\PZ\?


DDEL+38ND'C[
M]P7L=6
'9?-B8#CGS!G&@JQE_%44 -)YJV@MEJB0LEE@+ X%5$3
6 .UVCDQ
M7A&IEOR



MM9O#W!!)\HRSUN'=[] 0_=?-%Z%JUT$'37?


1!(H*4
MBZI6:J5HJ[;/3C(): %3VPG;OZ]M)O 9)67^
*YS(QC3])P\28S .6\ET4E
M%VZF5#TG1.XS*)E\X354^LN1BY(IO10G(FL![&!)94%\SXM(R?+*31.[MQ5I


M1 
6OGTG/^!MD_O!QFOI+/C2K^V]DT\<JY Q^*]
MZ+N2Z;[:+PHX*C.=ZKEHFTN[4+SN&B?INW?Z'U!+ P04      D@19-:7O


YX;6Q]5-N.FS 0
M_17$!ZRY.&0; =(F4;656BG:JNVS \-%:V/6-F'[][4-80FA^Q)[AG/.7#+C
MN.?B558 RGEGM)&)6RG5[A2606

M8J1NW#2VOI-(8]XI6C=P$H[L&/B[QXH[Q/7=Z^.E[JLE'&@-&Y)3]!_6I/


HH


VV
 _Y
MLEU/(ERM
[1\?%/G?ZK JP+8H0W L&ZP&958+.20;CH]()+*89.KW%_J);


M'T24=2.=






'
Y


MDX/W[N!_Z.!/#K[F8(VEJ-[L$$=92LE@T/'K]DC^B9R-+[I?2J-JMGHGVL.$


K




RYX;6Q]5.V.FS 0?!7D!SCS#8D(4B]5
MU4JM%%W5ZV\'EH#.8&H[X?KVM0U!!'S]$WN7F=D98IP-C+^)&D Z[RWMQ '5

MIH
3=\2U;0G_^PR4#0?DH7OCI;G44C=PGO7D C]!_NI/7%5X5BF;%CK1L
[A







[.SB^/-+I2]\09C


MF8YM69[1DR!MC[?




K#&]QCQ%L5'K$N-#L]@E)D[M7B.K

M(U[(L3-.B9O

_RC%Y$





][%IW&RDN@[C4COI'C9I@.'S+#K/I&V+EJ



YC:3KB^

;BB;6D44_V


:EPU;IJ8V(:G3M*6C5DPQUQK&O,_V:$LF[E
M^NXY\%H=2JD#*$U:? _B?S5;KB:H5%E5]6D$15K'$[V*_?%?\Y]3Q

XJTB
MG9B
UD^7*7;C.CNSQD<I7UGTE0T(SUQFR_TY.AJX=J+6*!@5YNH4
M1R%9/:@H*S7^Z.]58^[=H'^FP81@( 0C(?+O$L*!$#Y*B 99!%0GXJI38XE

M#[P:&/ML36 B3UK'T*8&U_# C2[  1LLP!F\FIZLP]@\ON8[-+T.P2
&MM

GUW_H'YH6J$LV52M0ESF.\9DT1Y])[4


K3GES@%\C?

M4CL0-=S@&2C51JJ



M!9&=$E@I@86O15E*XKP@UY*R6T4?P592N*@\!.B:R4R$;!*\I6%/L/=BRV
4&ADGH:JSD?;_NXD*R?'C(TOZ;Y?U!+ P04
M  D@19-&!&#ZOD!  !Y!0  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='



WSCJU18W6_09C53; J7H0/73F32TDI]J$\H15



MK5!004W/3+^(X0M
_:0HF)K_!A=@1FY)S!JE8



I7J?1HA6/BF3Q!]TD7IC$ T
6
*
FO8
AZ^6^





!#\*XCW'-B8KXA$.HBJ5FJE


M4W=DRSQ^:5O



#Q)R\6+

G&\'HT3I5I8=]/_0J

_O.U(]F

MG;V


AV4034KQ']=E!4$@+%
M&""2(WE^,&2(@6)

M#O2@QQ@(IHV&0(J@M!R4A(01C!^( CLR W
T$(3:]K#QI'PK$_E3
'!?XC
M
7#S(JA[XZD8
N^+F
R* Z&P/Y'CC=[&BHFS'2/2R?BE5N85&EF'4;7!YFV=

$%     @ )($63:^=M^S? 0  K 0  !H   !X

MC3'=CA!=-

*Y
MI

O
CA*TQ^-AA-YK_#&9B%NTYL
MC4(R[;^HZ+61?%*QK7#Z
8ZM\.
PZ5]HZX1H(D3_2X@G0CP3PL2;'SOS5K]0

25G)S1A]B


&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$P,BYX;6Q]5-MNHS 0_17$!]3<-DDC0J)JEUI5XJZ






#

4


MAR8C5KM,A147\YLS8K

M7C772\=_#8


*A'!)J]7P)#2ZRP





M)+9N  B%MFX0:.0K@N =!;DV)PB/4
 ^1]D=NL%.1V2*;BZ(H
C6#0+97P(0
ME
 98WAGP8#5T4C1&+8Z1M-UP[#5

MT8A/


\
MZD-./RC87IG;F;X7;:??#A2ONU-




MD^


DD@8V3*$Q4PZ
M5

M@6*:H;L59143@'AJC'Z&

M/5!+

$_-2LKQFZ

\$@[IV

M'&3O')T;(&$K9SB7R@Q[*J$7-4J,=L%66Q-^0-0!B&7-6$S)62FUCJU+?#



(K<62G *J&@AAFZI43\W,M0-BJ?9VR9TO_W(2XA]=)(V


M#&KBW[.^%9UKI^K*:Y;]J&Y6^['K5QGI6._*RD5D?M[T3


M!J\R



MRPH2#V;&-$
B:!\$O$&S?2@YZN$
Q\0E#W:QM32@4A\+9!



M[S

H 2/=D0Z:DX$/)PJ:$I' K1RK5)9(/&I66 OEA6!:]#:


@AO?'(
$




?L2
M$:1FJ5JIE:*IIKUV$B=! YC:3IB^?6W#('!.)KD!VWSG]W]LO&0M96_\3(BP

MTVU;EF?T(LJB)EMF\4M58?9O24K:+FS7_FAX*4YGH1I0GC7X1'X1\=ILF:RA




OA8()@)&)JN.B353:\:;A4:V3S;SYF)

ZL-D0-!L(VN:O67BU#0+,:;96R9Q
M[IB-0+,18-:8OM4M$Z?&PEA#C/$[;2 F@,W&H-D8R#:!1)0('E^U:2@0 HX
M

;^Z)<ISOXLWSXH=J66;JL'K-LMU[]T(^BT0_K--_\*=AO\K_ML[-BO]G]




MTAN?5NE#_=O[=%4UFC%]7&=E7N R+H./Z:[QG%X3];_^5^O$=3.?\FJ1KH)?
ML[0
/L&'U6M/2K^MSW[ZM?[);9DN\\U#







KN
/9

.=E=;#MJ7GU6B_'OKR7%[

2&$


M_N#P3MQDN[S

M?SEK/HS:U/MJFRZR?_\3T
8J*Y^R/_U'T)!F;Z_._O/GJ\N/YS?S?R5B=_MK






MTF


K!V=\GY8Y3/L!.+'L$FD
U/B6[&CY
M(LQ8TOX8ML4:NWP  /XI,(M7P)5AQ\P(6GQ[YIK]%IO-:]S#@[(GH%)EM
M3H.[M,H7W_?*,E_M=RT$$'6X9?Z4+T&)JX#*+U8I:F#8 KU:?^&7#U*\$0*

M[P
Z[D16&&NP3=2O[O,;49R/1?)M?-)5T+B8^ZO[R6RAJZ7#=L_;/S3PB&(
MNFS#8T_L.




M^#[? .\ZO


]]LM






AHX#6*753MT^[LMJF;[0

!&\#!NZ$-1LQI%*
M6R2

5?1.D*Q Q


MI5'/]YL*XR(MPK7]3G=)

F!!12\X7'P_RJIJ
M]_:%$@)@]\P,;:D6K)=6,A9\LF5#B39TA',I0X6! P=6X@5#(1XE CH%'Q
M0P%PE]^_4!2(G@)=)X73EL0

UFES_5?P1+: IY4@C3(AXB)
M


 @G


M;R!*BNB* (H




-LPH+^90?T\TF6X$T=+%&2J^U8@H#O0A;T:SQAF R)IGSP&Y6[ _




MS
K:JZP7_ *=

]4@
,YS2(-08:K?+?
&09KO2&

6P\7[B4]FP$


MB%(^ID]XU!XDD(Z


MU(_8LL*$V[OXRLH.%QLZ]CAV_6'C0

;00H[$P:03+4ZV H#K/SK@7:/ZF-U+31X7F:.^*JM^58[I!

M.=L#E/87M-KGE3:%PK5%8_2J*NAT\=2(!MGIB65/3U#Y$\2;!_N;PB];]NK!






%
+WC
@2V




M OHEB6/Y90R_*/@:3A\M66*B&^YUBN.!C1WU]31)(IZZEPKWT):'EH&S(Y:
M:_A9L9

M1

M?+R?=V61B^#WE)/T^#?ZR+]C,F+/*S %5@%D21I:31=H=& S'LMZ]=FR

MAQ8C911%Z0ZB99[P2K.1^F3(&^4W X?9'YC
+SD-OK;LU3W9
) U&#
5M+5;
MH;8+?$$?+EC.-$B?4I@&A'5;8,Y5UJF/&0+K.VC%/MJJ//E81KN=1-#/6^
M39[#;'0X..V?0RGB






G.TZ% (RJ;X/=;8$MR#((&*9+ #65U)Z=G8\.OG40K


L$:0KJ/Z&.PPR^DEVJ#$SH9


MD8[=!GVIH%VT@5MA #1\+_J
XW2\
R&(?'_HS-BW/(








0D4[)JLWU_T

;D'2K[!V
T


Y]


SIF':A-9.%J+8DU\MG16T(
YW5LD)$2VB(YJ

[JL]$1U% 45N.)6(

A#S3Z&LAC&\PG78OCQ.4

RZQ].RC




;\_%$K#5G54S-'[


MX\Q?7C:0;W 5DDBO@6.




MNUSA$$7!VV*;+Q2(=V$[ B!FU2(P0JEN.+_!Q8THBTV!_)1C*?Q=E'0()Y]L




M9%6N-E_7ES==UFG;9676V[76[X/YHMA2S
EGN'%F_ [-T6W+3]KS=*-7N'50
M9UIYMV
;!+:X1R5#

L3%K9_Y6]1_D-.8]VT.I[-JL_W#





MCJSS_3HHBY12D3=:C:@V RRSM'@SH%1*/W7AM&HT:CW5&Q@]K^FO!(-'8M


M=

MW2!]4;2M;'7UES9T;*N5@C=WK%B$[XKD@%Q&];$)X_ G%DLN
-NL)&\&5!


+3WKD 8X

MM4ZUY3CNA_&D3YG@-$K0

MT9Q*[JB]?WAJ,'AP'5$M@^?CZ36'VO$VE&\-9ACMJQ%9YO@^W;(

)N(ZL'S0KDZ6C5$R_(ZK0(MFYA,
M; 9J-.?RFR-^J%D?L.KNU%R!H_@AQ55]SO

-H.X
M9E4J*W^)6UM6AM)RC!R9=]J.R836VFFC8FU% &7[PS&&9R^G4<\P V=^;

ER]#(6[=BE%
6&]%GR1YM&%XP4]$!@U7W^.U7W


K:P


1(\(N]CQSWG$3OR


8KY]


+ZU@K1XE
M




M+*EYCKJ-44/I)YQ2.AG$7/ $I.8W3.C#/W!P_$_:CZL/O;#Z2@I70(VDO=



M=LL$Z[!KPJ*;%
939#'WDKXG#4LM^/IM(QK074J:ZJLCMN!1*:;*@NT&U0
MY+!R/Y$S#43 
W1B%^4F3VE9?H(-KN[VY4
(=Z_$ 
44A'&X3YY6?@Y


MDW8M%




8G@ NC@/LNSV2DJ
7=KMYZFLO4T=8Y_QK#D

M(]%D*XYO$_(E498F=%=J$Z\Q0GB!I;WW6*N#G7Z$@RT8WQS#HZ$@4C9R.*
X
M)7

DM[S&*EEZ2




9.W/J3TN!ESCDXBO#:**\^
]FG!70[5$4#
)I
E4.[ 16E0=1=C 9!!
@

.

M(@HF;$Q)QD-@*G3N'@L

8^2

)1%WG/006N+0*QZ$G7 QY7.QM&0\$I./


!CL\H'TUK$_(=/G_-X1E\)&45$EY=JRIA!GU3_)#:0$$=+!
M32)=R.6KWG8,.H<:-.N=M@U+T;!P[K0"3D035KQ
6&FL9+R9SN


8


L9



$J2WZEN]QB(T)4%Y
M6T@W 45RK44.1#=AP)WH8[B7C]88X4@!$,V,J /N^Q.%/1J66C+ J+^$@A

M=QB\D@*%$IJ3P7'EF!0NT1(Z0QP2W.=(D?(@FH62]SD)VH++PIX!G(ZE J



M9[1-ZN*@8N/2DU

M?;X*-%SYJ?.;D=B!T5FT=V
ZTS6!^Q1MB)[C7G^@?N*9-7QWYZ8L &
#PM/C



MEA6@=VO 'P1-B=LHU\&[M3?SKV10M370W


LPX#=CGK)4$'3




MON7#:$PZ1



SH4B2MFA:6+;&6
M+%LDY345RL*DGW^^OKSZ]?P\^'#^Y?S3Q:VH3K]D;LJ-B]C*FHY;'=TQ\7
A?$*AQV--%#UO3-WK=(?)3A%55N9\%QH(J06
\W.WK*8]5H0L=T/;

Q%S!%Q/D/[7)P9?+9/$3M$H+!=G?^4NR_V*8[B:?.G
ZP8^<F$CL
M_




M%M0TWTJ!IZO8Z
P%(F=FU8YQV4XX[+=6M







M)Q_F70$2Z6/^\





&*@J1$P2XH7' \&BL
$XQ&#A(TF

U6'K(M$H]^3XRO41#(G%J]&@)CB%4K2;#048T*?3

MAF\8(9

X(


?J*3$/ARYAV_(J



 'P3










%L@&6(0QC

M'$SM9_T8?;/ #7W_\*U-O&HF(N!G]]PBDB#L,[/SX*Y( $
))3]*F^WN1K
@TQ_(Z$M9

]
)


M@JQ[.JR]HXMN.05U0;4;3]'#
3C*BME'^A(^&+(V/*;(+QOW^OHD4[3^4A#C<4Q:)JW9H06:
MCN&*]

0=H77[ PMDL^#A
[M$ UH9


Z$J&


M^VJ;+K)__]-6:


M!B8XWR@


8QAB5$2(+5^ @%V]Z@L

?1@*_@5(#P2$-@@G@RA(QI0L
MG3!L'A;MC1

M(Y! T
MVT/]]IE?W\;$.K8TPM&4YJZV_/8]NR4TO[9;P([ZTX0@0*; ((B241@ZA7-&
ML%O3N+9;(Z 
PV  #P'K0SK1'^&FC9)#NQ7ALQ$PA2%NRA2H%A;]'$QKNQ5/



MZ88(&


;O*BPO64#I

M*
BU#AQ;%^@F;[M-BU8+#=RSZWQGYR7CL:-
2XW.)+7+OFTX)8?7\T.Z@KVX

@4-!:

M.2IZXYVT+E-^

M&@8Z0(A




M

MPLN7MT$QM;N) B_&N6(+'&I1N?$H-J$)TT4
2AFK6ST?5CFK)15UI);6:\8[





MT
+15\&# *\W%=_L@2[2C19!7WT 3PAO#F<F!$@C
M5JX0N]\(A[64KY)62'AP-3==L4Q[IY#[XJOXT_BSA1L;WD'YAPC_YI9,INK
51*13#V?=K:RJZV/J4R^[N;P,H7QUGO0=0P8W<Q^' Q88+QE'),H<

!VH9/$IEMA40L1
M1/



M29% !



M%'IT9'EO5B77)AK%)IK@LG?=T^H


U6SLWNN
^OE)10!^Y#C4L@
M8I*4+:4F%G 'I5@Y@E#MJF_[I?,4@R[ZE8/?%*:M EY%.4D*L'79#*YIPQ

RC1(N4MK90F[G@#F(G@O%D

72



'IW

[H+P&K'1@






Y


M
T)+XUJOO9/)#
%(-V+T*E1C864.Z5JRDRC_QN#*]H4V(JF%$M)JHP:4
M%1:


2:=22^;GJP?@__-\

^YP.AU
^JO+7=
M:LVKI5^YESI+'DUW!NR$$D2H)3)\PVW*5JMTDQ&CT


H'
7=^V -E02%9(HJ$
MI=E7G8B:.889(::UXA HG6OY:3;_8'(MF3=6+AN5DM^LDI.2^6R5#XT;S%4E
MC)5&HS 9G/K4\4/#5J=8[Y 0J]Q

M&-;.958HP2[?47Y*

X37FDV4I\
N?7\

!/4C!)2\)H*[CR.P:J@#;WI0VJV:0D
M01:Z/I#4NJO:YF
@KSEZP(@HQXY
K!
$AW7\SIL
)7MLJ_:ZSJL4:\L7*B&R
M*Y2'16 )DE/1NJ-E56^9
LM/@KNB+
G36;GKZY.J5V&JS
H:!R)7%2Z0_9#(







'

M3
M.2;D[5PIU
;JU=NA:['

M/=CF7/)9F5J?-D[.-3?HP..#Z0YGWHD%@0G=QC:D6P2M&^#J_YA6B TB -I*
MJC$ 

;X$:Z:
MHGGTK[14'^Z:G+\96_&$T;K=U:BA, ,=C*3X#6MO8]G@F5B#X5M6YW).?-0
M;0(5A^11B(_/-


M0/T*CM66ZADM:%6OO*\)Y;.$[9Z0 U#LMII)WG9]2YRR@)OBQ88\M*(.FM








M(\[


'\022L\*!91


MKZ _*BY$3CM]%

'

M3O29?%5N$=A2
A1







N%U5CJCERN@VY
RF\[99

3_4LUV'^KDPC0:2C_N
M



Y)$?CPIK%=-:&'
_&&?YG LS_Z 28QG74]N=/;.YLVW86
MX:]





[
BKJ9LS4L-F@.S5J4$KZ

5N

M6=@CTGW:4B
K:'RAR=.U68R-4Y=I




M2V(R8HOB.&Y(&PZG


_&C;



MJ5G7548J8''BB!; \W*?.UHU1


^P4 ^H[5C





D8+ $QD
 MUZ)^1D6C)Q9,M0U89O:O0T
M)Y( (=JN]I4[B6#8&[Y3=@Y6D,V]8)N)27PVF-E8NYS(V!3$M8&Y33'=1H&




MAI2'Q@3=Q

C_D




M8Y


MA@R'






MJ0]IP0TKP6'!0N)R%OBV\'5*$&.T.1JTY3.%W1SUN;ZT/%54%!


MZ!@3#]
BI/82\UZAX08A3.%:-]A'%0D6WLKSU
SKNO4@JV=EZSFV7
Q;C[&R
M+AT?S5*\PTJQ JN^*4S0*3U

M08^H]]OC'I(V7IO

'6]4O(%T):-K6S#3!%3)'**
ML A?F[M;3#8D7R_H&0OL\W#[9+V?X4K'BCMRYI=YDC+7LQ29+-C'0UM*2ND

Z%9UE=:5N&T7OG


M025/?_Q=#PV=$Y%KZ5AJ+$L&NEQZ
JA 6GFHP9
#E7/BO!7BV2._SBM97)LF
ME(7/ME4H2Z+5A)!6Q&!EE4+6P1$L[3_F.5

M&S*F]0L-_JSHXUQ;Q@;[?+=


M8;W&&/GTPB2[


MN&=KJS2H9@GR KN2\NY)+NX.J%539?0@(XUFOJK F@1?Y_.5/0%K75\I^GJE


M8


MD3K$1;D@YY^%8)NH+5R694)*PGQ!CEN+%7Y2:A.!^&.55MFB]@7#UD5Z?O9A
MN SD-9%:




!KH4VX;)2R@N!?S/!-?Z49Y

R5(=G5S9A'6*VP+R%634@93@*H5+VXT^0+Y8



MS;2\YZL5
SP?N]OD^U?H0&*8@47BFF)U*?G
7CDZ;E'5^ A#NL$V
#4WI;^D
MH

MU[SPK)\7E'0D_?7I82W!FCYN_@QOM/6



1@RFF=Y+
9NDZV




$I6X
M
Y*78YY*6*!] 0Y6A(:AMKX\0]DNU/DM:'W$Q
M5BNY/F+Q?.'FX8%<#T'$$5QH?P2<83 +-NF)SBKP.LA_3.(!4SD 0PYMCMJ

BF*!$8*0'JC




!@3&01.Z,/=LE?





M_[!45-[-Q%+HN[LOD T8;*_]]@'S7:
SN^ TRF8A)-EO#5RBWIZP\S=TI])@





N#='U%



M5?JCG Y/!S BZ@1&)+=^U/ZR4 !E.V@OVXP@+]2,PE?VRRO$_28)K_$0PB
ME




MN6+I
]R-G:G]](L0DJ*:CY\VD.]R0N:K=BZT3.G8N*

MV\4Q/#RI+(K6
4*I06SL [(QO[W8.8P#:K1+QQ$U^+9#Q;F[K?



M-[%Q?@ZJ2:U\/I0R)0





MG*
P&N#PLZ00]@+4ZRWRD0.&XQ#V_*
GL?57RA\M.#WAW#?88B]D$6C\WX



ME+2A(QZ EA:(




M0&AG.8UHVUE20XAVEK1'OG8
W7V' ^=B4#=F@=ZHGK2[LHK'U:B\%.@2$\/U
MZCVG$6MIG].


MQ7T0HP

AL_NI\FHHO+$V9S)Z_SZ-$ 1UMY3C(KEDHE?Q_'YMCF
MHVVIB;Q 4S&.-[RUODOG
L5HDT-(IB\:]0A3;!\4YX RF =O]@T+#EZS.Z\6
MEO.+A.YA $


X'N=!P?EX%E_XG1&Q&I/64VN#7W-CCJO0L-&

C]8?^
?W+@X'/[[]K0

_9*C)QDT+Q

0)NMC%\=4
#$A'WK@83ZC
MZJI7C:Q7!NIY5*GO7.UC0;SX0N9C(UEVO0UD71TCN;231.MOY8,DS.L0U7Z




/M7Y)6G/Z&I6


M''QD^9E'3
Z&%
]9M7$(63[8XYP;)]U908@ICD8J;E]+CFX&@M-/C+M!;QCZ

M3S+H4
@U9N.42Z/DX=GMJ2E9@'C?4%'9^D ^'%7\C 7T01?#&!4RA1 YD*
M5[QO -8


MN6EQ7K0S9W;.G+V@V;C16P;W%8!&&\Y$D^!*Z_IM$#19!9PT%[(&82*%5)QH
MXZHR:&H%)&]L$F?!- P7 2=4X#06+;_AND&9;(5.\&R D
^_ECDD^.'LY9=6


KA2U607AE&T]/+5 )IE42)O#

MBS2//AQYSYY;Q\.ID
K5]A7\=]5-/PCTGA5(&1L$3K$'TK@F6H
2-\9QDQWX
M70AU]G);&X6E(MMH.L=C@AM
D954.:BA3(1[*(T9%%:.HF5E1RWKP :UEMP8
M.26E%
1IZ#

M:



MV26Z8()'^Z


MK\2EKK8$



)\:LZ.X:*P3;RDF4HS+[)@_M


2ZS9.[4HRX?[9-WV:B\Z
3O




F'[Y#
MZQ](*O[')1_B:G-R=M?*1M2BC]E%N)[%!,IQI\TQ$4$Y:ZF!4SCO(/WFRD

X
M\CYXTY%D F;)P! \@FG%%AE@T
P0
ZI1(@[03
VH$Q9!!13*2=@%L[$)-.
MJP1(.P%W0@
Q$XJ)]!-

MPIC40B&R4




.TK1!:*F2WT%G.];M3:T(C/



M8F2AF+MK[3W
3MP6\H%@)LA7=%[D![(AGF*2:R4
)=D4-SJ0G-A1)DH82[


H<H



M+GAM;YR96QSQ=L[;MM %(7AK1A:@#GO1V[2N


MJ



M3GJ]



W;WVZ;
M


M
XE


M.4I(C@J2HX;D$DE$5402%54$P5%%0%155!85507!446 5%5DF155)DE119
M)45629%54F25%%DE159)D5529
THLF8463.*K!E%UHPB:T:1-:/(FE%DS2BR

MBJP51=:*(FM%D;6FR%I39*TILM8466N*K#5%UIHB:TV1M:;(6E-D%2F%5I%2



M% 


M% 




^KM 0  V00  !@              ( !M2@  'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E=',O<VAE970Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .!%DWO02I5L@$  -(#   9


M A0#%     @ (X$6312@PMRV 0  T 
  !D              ( !P2P  'AL


2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      C@19-)&]Q=[8!

M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .!%DVBXE KM0$  -(#   9              





M

M@19-H/184+





%G.LP$  -(#   9                69-  !X;]W;W)K<VAE
M971S+W-H965T







BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      C@19-

M:&5E=#



M 0  T@


M.YX;6Q02P$% 

M%DT-:C^[] $  


$K$ 0  -P0  !D



&UL
M4$L! A0#%     @ (X$637PW=BV 0  T@
  !D              ( !R&X



  %P1   9


M='


M;6Q02P$% ,4      C@19-\$]( /L!  # !0  &0              @ 'D









O








M@19- F


A_P
  T4   9                4ZM

4      D@19-CS]*YMH  !\#   &0






M  @ )($638+9*1.= 0  6@

M:&5E='

YX;6Q02P$% 
4      D@19-2;T;I$\  #:!P

M 0(4 Q0    ( 2!%DVQ%]HIR@,  %$3   9                ='
  !X




 @  B@4  !D



4      D@19-:7O
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E








4




3 S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (

3 V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 2!%DU)2$J
MJ(\  )@= @ 4                5@/ 0!X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM





*GA\  *2N 0    $!
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001193125-18-255065-xbrl.zip

#$X
RLK+R^F__^]O3L/<<IUDR








MF=]Y'V5?]'W%#S_D\%/:7G+(%Z\2(\HB_M7#^/G'^'ALO_ZTNV@#1YBJ=I
M\NTJ'CQ$*1F/@.)8

KHQK^C*)L\:!Z5\:7H6C&4R7!U=@('_(?URZ
M-&F\U




M?9
E3Y

M(XXZ'@\_WP:4
H





MN$$HB;!
ASB&[1*E I\Q&=JA52P0E!=UL(X.0XXRROG]GWTSP0NSO\&%L$'
MW^*TGV31EV%\Y_B7;FS!=2361I7@6:K



7F39Q?$/
M'L\=$=K
M$T?^4E]AA' /[[,4&992\OWQ4:EFG\993&_?'#%?F7?3-C4?Q






7/.?G5BLX

D3C^WU/LLP[&5P3@!-=TAPH+CFW+A?4)8U).V#&S;





M=&=9



*U]=O
M_MMX//B:#(?!MTF
_H6[Z)L?#V;]:3)7;UX'TM:;GY4IC4:DCP)#1U(%GA(G
MSWCGKCZ-


M8*QZU*X
NA)\\W$\F\:W\0@#Y$MD=H]J5/L[P1V.)C-/$*J4 #90/G$=8 /J

-RQX20M @'_8_J2N%2Z1#K=&R?.=QE<YN9<64(C!;:

M3N2=BUM6XAZ/!8LH%LJQN





$& ;%=(R160(5G2<596 DW8R#$:D;;K=0<V=M](!NT

\18;J?U!#(N
MC['4(J[;&

MY&6

MGSK&DL]C+/4L7T2
906%CF(L


L827:I.@.CP

M-[+

9G4]C<:*2ZB8:UUGL_GJ0P(BT'X?,P
MU@)Q- !! &C]C_[^-AV#-)J^H#D30U)1O9H\728R%+WXU(!=9IU5_R*:S@.

D-*
M7

JG?
FNN!2

M^98E/XZ2X5_?3--9O/^1REHI^P=CQOB8/BI'UZ@9/L9_'*%E@X\KEDZ-IP




Y%Y)N5WL@AC2
XAYA
MO?G99FOF?W]CP5<<SUC9



\*YQ6T&RH@;BL]ZFZ0&L^FRU-^#MC7@7.911N+T
M


M\W!JKB5]/OYE$M]'_4?@B_2E&L%\L8$KNGJG
-2RG%Y/PS*MVBP$)Z%T]EJ.

RK007T&%-2OLHN

;3Z*DM


M#8






5\V+,E<%SJ)9A7'%Q$EPWP3,
M\FS<I7&4S=*72JNESEBTI5;,=+ZRJK)HPZCKQ0BCW!6*F^27Z766S3#PK5C


MK.:?7R 78/:!L$6N7K:CHD+QK_%CTA_&EYMJBZ4R5*7QQ-* *X140H8KMMJJ





M[B!YMPZZ-O+.X*'G\X!8KD'AW.0RHI!O3!6RP)!^J$)GKDR@O%-J8R+X?I3O



0SQLZY&TB:2WQMU%ZD^9]=[7%
M:
^^(MLQV+//R Z8Y



G[WLKR[ZW*
?MW0(NCTQN%WUO9=GW%LEM:&]T


%8XP;)L8
M'O6)4-PBKD$9
5WN


M\^(W';I9/&2HHVF*AKI%?E;V6P+'Q1G0]X 68KQE@L'.T? XZ*%AW):4X=XK
M[#81'\VGHC9P\B(UTURQ])X:JQ

-!:FY<+;\!\$QM&S#GVV,C-!?7@'D+(,=HP$Q/VXY







D@7._DJ'[\UD;)&Q\_:8%RA0
;S'
MVK*SS
=_+

]BED$L);!_
+[&Z<QSXMB:4/X^G?8RSK*/=

RM83'E.$3


:056 LEPK9
LY&8

M+=-[T+8&G
N43UH\B7I\:G70:\CY&'U]#XR1)C2Y]:6-D69^MF=BTEM:++

P-?
M#C+J%# 689)HNPP)*%0S!4A8_!OY2Q3JS:U%WD'(M2Y?: ]1 P6J]MNOO1



K$@8<L?1OF!^^M&A-;+H36//*<OK#UR*'X9%7N(WY9D+R-Z
M

M]2G\M(CDK6&V


MY&L)

M&RHPI9GW3+/1=F(NLW1UU'NMXNN1UL=UI/IEKF



M]#+%

MV:OQ'6

ND?XV@89-A?\%HG1NFZQ05P:^J)


BLQ#_#=X]-2'


J7$EAR+/E!)


M#-'7S-[RV.S=$I?ER;A+XRB;I2^5)N^=



MW&M5QT*M]^H%UCW%LB.R6










FW^*Y)V-_(^X.


$G/:D#(G#+$5L9L)9)0P9G(KG


HM'T.G
FDV'2WS]ELO-E
MDY?U-RHVXZ


&F(WB0))4RP7\MV!QJWM=+-L]I2[:'[!
MF8F&?;1TX:&TWC353S+M)CML':^!KLV!P^AY_. 6*Y!B?!=1A0N95.%+#D

M
4'8H8'VD;H\'P= 12WENZ$BBN*)F






M3..H




0BA
M9+R#[;2&6PVGE?.H8UH.*)_$=I@DP@L



%N_
M


;#HQ)]@D./M'@9O1KE:H5N)-NZH*ML%V3&9O2&FR0]-R;%,





41C7UH5 S]^S54JVBH3.O9LU


M



=HB ;OCS$ZJ;<91&(O_Q%Y<I\URK5


M(6X)T43Y9FKJ*SN#%8!M6#'%O:B5G*$1^2(7-G8D


M6K)\I?1^ALIYW/&)P_.E\'V#$M^U)1$R5

M:PG8;84W]X*XR
7.VW2\:$/=-H166A(47V082'.1:P$T 5.NZ &[D+4-$S@1


XU&Y6






:
M/V6@.2

MU

V96%'?=K?/P



Q2$S.EP7A



?R

M





Y?!3M]K4FU\1BS/6%NR 9
Q-*BF&C*T):%D62+Y):


M#4S(N6
2:MFZR3TG+G
Y468H'#/T0X?*E0#HXQ); Q(/)M=9-HL'52N
AOPU


M':MNPU'AP'




M
8-S^N* 4OZDCRBO#!.FR[O0K(390W(Z-OT$6[.B*\,&4,O-+$*S4ZD5:I

MF0BE-!6S0-DW\O;P95#[T4$XDLT4XU*F+XOFP?G$W8%D+R31KW$VQ32LBO$V



M /-@N_-L3Y8.9-NT^


;2*N4Q@L
M6V&?^0H
QM*:.Q8

Y1QUH8)186*(P
_Y;

!X<NYJ([EI-8-E/6V)*Q[DD7V8Z




0%J



H^X0@%.GBF)
M*T-)0L
)!?





 (G(

41*^%5(1RA 33#TB)./$-7V?


L+#ZX1:)W2:.@*%E4W%B#
W/&.%#

<7=S]?;

MZRTJ2^BGY#?=H[

/V_Q2NQZ^(0F
M=1W2


9@



=+3&
M





M:2/;31[^H _EU2\*RV&E8


=J^PN=:N

M
 'LXG?)

X+10A $1G
(APO)=8O.0




]:[-1-!LDT]Q[V=



M=:R'@VDUWUJ
=[(NOF\8S2MED+=:[




MA;9AA&80JIT
.O;Q##IS)?K#S5W0XZ49 


VH]V'\K M^+84 :DO0V][7






MA





M30O0..[ZFV)/MKK









O^)#\U]Z?


M@R=D


M'UR81?VB*W'1=FLTR._ W





^+_4/1K;)M7VZJ2:4





1K(S^V[*.@G\O&:#8;F7OCFROJ8#EE%:3%6/G


\[0$K86ISOHY.;U-%KV




$*-\^Z*]6T
M+!.!59\PG+0WGDTQRK_



M(U1J=&VDHA$==@AZJ\/.9Z-[D
ZI=C&4A


97;R

4N2+^IH/O=?K&.
L2W2/I18]F


GS$I9KIZ6)OG
M@33M5 V?F@HQ;7(O(K=.063HZ9IG4R!
\
I' WE8MIH3B29=3
MRG_,']26V*=D0/+)7959R7AV//WEIT9$[WZROI)@UDZ3PU+TDP78$K15;I4

TJG!SH'DWCMV\GMWM
!IE)T@K4:85A(SZQ Y]GPA3
M.L06

M..Q]S LL]KSQ(
Z7&KZA?



EK#%@0DM&^I#_3-6L[K 0EK?$UI.
MDMR_/OWK)8662TKD'U/;=D$&::VK$#V/;^E2^=*59,HTESVLN^=)PUT%-8


1F

0;

L!A
M-
*F&45KK*+ I&Y?5(ZN4ILQ3\[






W/

GSLBM)EIF_YG91CJ
XS'
+CQYF=V
M)8WE$(%MY*T&!J3Q(RH.SPCC^G^$$]O[N^B;]URE&4J:?BN3QQIB*8](A2
M\#)F6ZYO!XPRVP:.8L!1'-['EUEJ/17;R1U/3U%2T_!HX G3(=*C)A'*4$09

?


MQYOTS0@U FOEPS/C_+W4^L#W2[VH4G2D3;P +0JN/:3!#JM0!L'!.'AVTR'A

MRB


M14Z86;CD55SQCHZ?=%77M])=YQ!!-9?

M=FR)/1M4737
C?G^V2;9L5?)USTIZO

M+A@$^K$DN#P75$.5C0CW8

C]G;:JZ
MO;& /A*?]O;\]F]!]5MQNH3.


6@6MNI.-@WJ)E8







[(Y&2
-$3I6-WG!F


EZ%KEG (M?7






MB)?#=O
-@J;?UW% OBS(O[NF)R_CC-.HC.M8A- %MX2MAE7'0XQ\E\?ABG



M1P7S8G:IK@_
AFYTM*;5Z 





MLX!8#T&_X*E8P4L]4!P[ES6K\;K0.9.\ZD#7P6ZIS D_GEQY7O7M)#X(OZ
M

(74R*










(ZW$0 :QG#HKPDW\$]',+1_@U@C@!?Z\ISP7CPJQP%O+@::

[8E

Q T&N6BF
MZ)GRG4@4?P)W2![+P ]%FN:SR3D9!.GTBB9.XRK5.Z;0E B4X.OY&4NBASWC

MI S?PXBAB ?Y#PN[8^[H!B


1XW_Q\0@M[D07'Q]84EQ:.C@@[\



/(
$@%L0&HFP#^O/

M;DM?&F:'G7TCHLREJ?9XE


E-Q)AH]%@D@H*RY4HZX+\J_^A%5.^4(=*R_501PIGR
M%;3;S).)!#E0^'LN5W'/8_2+4CK!B'DSNHBUAY.*L!1W@^1M=!]O%@+)K%

MZNQ)H7@O M*/_H+W@ZI.95R^S

MJBD
M










MW&I#T)TY^+_7748.*LWZ:+N




ZJ[.?FS[\JOP^^?COO=3YI

MGIW5PCN_E2:G41:$2$3Q@I&?CG%Z(9]91+/I
%\%MHE3#&^83ZD85^S&]2?Y

(D[RTR9



M+)OIS4N=FHTV#;NG.W\:Y-P):RRZ%B*&@]=):2





MKUF6K6N=5F. L.A.T^X/6F:+
RBJ-Z'=MFVMV+-2=#7%?TN

X*4^_SOM#U=U ]XWH/C;0RBWYS&F


3_08@@O


M1](%\P7@-4Q3==I[JV-X


MTS(/KWOG1F/
\F'WUB



-H]-UVBVMTW!TS6JV






M7O39R ?&'G]#9;2%8NBNV; '@[:AM6V]HUE=W='L;L_2.D:S:S0=I]VTG%T7


@^1UH.'0&$OT

]:QY)U?6F





MU[6'QK UTS=M#1KX!B:X]A#K66:'4?OZIW&L,M1]T7_O]:_&_T\G8*\@;H



M:YRIONM=M]]_[(Q&S


MS:


W^@N6FKG CB-OYF)A/(VQP
E?TYR*

MAMFTJ5!X0LOF*6P 1KF %)]\




WBA[0O*]
M3S.^,$5?13MFS%!JHOT5^
H
RCD]R=Y K\[FT7A/5SA$C2M&)@2N3T1H\RM




X^.*YL((J
?6M=/ _$

-FT\\


MR!
6T6_0L1BZ00R6:W*3^1UQPS2TG%^L
2D&1TZ(OXIKXW\P7 WW5/(]747A

SX
$3@4#%OR'\.S(
M#Q%Y6PAPVWW3L:RFH;6& )-E6$W-Z;=LK3?4NWK+LDR'

9*MTGMJ:@]%;6GXA!NY[6GHO94'
2U




CP_'IBVAT@^UA?W=]GSTH_W0CG&  3Y;Z
MQ5[\_L_\([:++;QEV3L:U)L5][ 
BCCUJ5GM) JG?#.__[.T\AWCK593WW]0

0NV6LT0G3]X28_%=ABM7




M!$S
ZD^7=:7C
MA([C,)V S_'!WDO=Y4.!L^&*F5Y<T9<-Z9B.;%_(1@#<+CX532KE!P^?Q


(#;79T(^16%Z7





_'3.^


2Z02'8A+T+$ MBJN
M]OE+\5#PM4$BWUM8%$];Y71_YX%*N DTXA.Q@U<_R%&^8-)QW+A



6TJW#_-9M*'A6



MFCG)^1@_9\B04FAS@P?U.QPQ9([QH*JO2 P59)HD177NDF7;\-++M'\\U%

BCY[RXM R]/:/[Y?]]VAX FA^_(_WFKEXM^X: [/9-;N:TQ@:

M\\_#14@-PQZT3%W78&V M-/J:+9M-#1KJ#?:5L]L-3L][D6H@+&\\S)T0S#K


0KR+Q$#KASWV81A6I) &TBF\PYX-QYD.APWG]LF_83R%@%
MNCD=@V6H7Z+P4

M:]TV & 

?
YX4G!*B;R8 \?*SR%201P7K#-$DXPQ$:S1:93

M+IQG1A4\90PL % 2.



MA41REM


S\V$:9OK

M
0G)+R62O+E
I
4\HP6$O*UDH\54H@6$U/E$N\PGZO'BF$5C:NLM;_;UNWK/

2C[&M_:-IS








MWLZHPL




.PS?=.+\L_;WNY+ &@VSS;VY[QM .L8


?.5Q0R'LU._TC&.
M
ML UD;'XX4XU2WTLS[[QR<*


B]W'


M@


O L(X\F5D\D%1$*]_:V6$6 ;X

_MZ':
MF^N.-YQ&N2:/]-R9E\ 6T;_L



MPQVO6


Y+I$J(N9


2J=_

M*%8BK K'BG
\3LG9
U@9RQU!!)V+]Z (*V_/ XH-JD;+XL8KU\]D1_$%WS)Z


MN


Y%P'

M/_MR&+51N-(;E-U+'Z'L?BW8/34Q2_UB=0G4I_(^J;/7D80?E^6W:[R6BMO
M4JI9N0M3?ZRX-!19U*2X09ZOL(6!B4K85; 

MK.

#(U\9'98@!<9+W\3
M5:D7ZN+]AW)5/2P1L'NX4]PQ'^3#%.X*-_%^ZH6_W6#U


MZ
6EEV+A.ES
 EY0GHX]/%?\=TY:37A3%*;7-V1_\'5[P$'PJ\!S2ZOE#W+E
M7'ZTXF5GRN=0:D!*[S)R V'GO4P0#+L/&!K.0=_ KJ.-O8^\6/_[];VFL
M7;ON[)=SPNTW][X/6_'#.(W8-RSKA^._OH(3RE_7_@EB[^XWIANJ_#+KVSR


M-*L_




L1L#OL\7)V6T=:MEJGU^K:C64Z[
MJ77T05_3AZU6N]O5S4[# +@:[S_B\8G3VS:KVP6G +PGQ7_G:$*61?1HA!^E



M4CD)@4R-:1 QH/'3K!V/:.PS=1_R_D!BISX#$8T]6^)T=%/8P6B41BJH!VJO
C$@1FD)T=

'



M(U/\KMCM2NWX[D(M3MB
0

MX]8G2DR)LYCX7CNZ,G+MPAT*@L72&H(:42 *-Y 0+J02O4)!@%;!'0L?

RYHTRL:/I6:-N5M2


M)D0+#7D?

M

@\JSTL$U?A(9F+AC9B$6-AC(_^8;W'E
MI


J=1R0GZ6:
A$\-D

5(96FDLQE<57;;^N 965%M4S4:





MKL__X?K3
W*PJAEXW4P$=16_.'DG
MI*C(\Z\Z+LQ#I*1,HX..Z4W\0P;?/_XSY075E ZT%WD)5@D=Q=4Y*C'Q<UA
MG(DG[L
J+TJZ%;Z8#8GWY-TB^5):5C&I*(TX0W
:)=X%N#%'(@YI :IS*-30

:4B 76G;D#Y82(=#)-*TCA/RQQ%X4QY\)@_CJFJ


MVJLDD%4 M1XR#CZ5RGS_L=EX*I-L*4R/YE-]Y3FQ7UPL #W$WH=9)RN-QY-
MKBH40TMED$?*K&;0.RFV9RG]=+&RU!]PA/O!..O5


M_JYIF5:WT]7




Q!DF.-$UV.LKKR7)3M-ZV=5:9H_TW*B-@L1


#5Q
3%';/;&!.L:-U

G.)6.:?XT\7GW[1O@Z__5OJ#[C=]E[2BJF3+(T


V$QM'UW)TYRC90=/1


G-NE3
7.+B
M-(C9*(W8&%7D'$MG*3:+S&WJCC+ST[C(V$KSK/DSC[@*OKYB &_ ^5_YEQND

M




MI


MFGRE94B Y6163&E57JN\F#GCQ8H(EF-S%3\/59H_ VD @2CZJ3:5P0+S4(



&D4[G5EBIV XQ'
M\Z/D/A O<N@0M;3 LUNAP^6I5[@Z QOSGFB@JP/PZ?S[L576))2.\RS9J
R
M[1(0?.H55Z-36

I9:'+(#JS!Q^S(









M^2A
M1;*ZCDA8H&$OEK)6(/N/*R
^R[8$0Y09H7)$[VC1? O[ Z',

M'Z12@/^BUETX#56Y2A
^\Y$FP^7S[O I22IR;R?O.#%PIJ_
J@+9SN?BB0I/
M;#L&!Q=[0/$NDH:@_%G&A))4R9'O-,$/VPQK?#J@6-#HB:CQ)/_#6:3TC.
MI'P;9&T(1

M\



M&84J+G$E)V:B
8#3OT_'D7L7%#0Q;T90T




MP*(

@-




)$

MA/&@B^=;]D$5S]OK%\^W=E[!7F??%-EECG_)#ZT[QQ*-;*N&OI74_3JNO9Q&




EJFYC3;IM;HZ[K3Z-JVWCZ


M@


7F 2I/THQ7
M%M^Z;A=CP?EO*2A
T7\WWXL['M-FKE-O3#%^+BDXX@JOO\3P&X@HC
;UPG$^


MD8F\(H$+PGX1S6=*/APRGI/J8CD1017LMM(AN+
91D6)J !3[4)^MOFKLIRP
15G2.GVD(

Z2S

A)F
M8F.

N'$]FQV0JQ'TP$X# \U=B[R,)ZA5F#(C)3*G


4F4\[A #T5J0&@H^1.-!)!U_L-C

M=(+C#GFAD9P82.F(
?
G&B8:)5$ZXDE*



EW]!;Y

MN3SG^:&(X 4QF!$H


 59D_?



IG

738N#1M/HYCQ
H?@<'\(4QYG5CY3R::BCF



MT9



MDS0R/\W\ BTO^FG




MT0'IEJ*VCSH?J?8<U@A\CEZTAISI9PITV2VQE@TA<EPR8V9W -8NB!6&2Y8



M..'O6V*:\%CMOB^ LCO7=D+?QDJ70!&VR+!1CB9^S1P?5:XYJ:P-HT$!LJ\5



  
@Y@G=.B%.?=UZ0L9_*N.XC





T72?*OXM)
M14]=OIX.*TJ#



M(DRN2



L*[M.S&=?)N[B4@V2<%H51(@(OG+GE+%E 5GM7U)]O


WSVF9O# V
L+27
%(5ET4YY3=BR7; 7S












M%CF4]&AE%2/YT#(=O

MH(Q*#2:^9]

MSA-M\QXD%+[
%
A9'F3AIO3+%W=9+R= 5



5XQ@

J%Q$6 8M/G3R*4;8C0]T(!83Z)MW
M8L
@.3WEQ:%EZ.T?WR_[[\D'/P7K^Q_O-7.Q6]O0MCJ==M/4ABUGH%G]@:EU


L-O=OCTP=
/&1H.Z^?ZCUK)-9Q[X:ACF&_$E
M&+K^(FY+W8?OH)'. RRQQ5&]UQWD


_XA!T!:(B%(-G^
M9B*XJ4?SN6V]DMP^[Z\.DB*&(, &XMDSM6?S*SQD7F3D+$Q'2W2 *U9&5E
M969E/IFPU9E30S7?_M







4K62 S8MZ7[[HSA?# WQ! 8^C8CA7
9.G?G?M[Z0_H

M@R;@6]8'NQE%
R5Z]N?B/!C['B)V8TP1XT'$F*?@ES @ 6T7?KB2_I4@]
U'

P/=R)'-^.8E]C&A9_



@Z
QRAO!=7@B !U

MF+(JS;FH21@/\.P7A/L/;.D/6# VD_YE!6AXRG-%DW$F]WZ
H_1@1$!XZ3-.
M(G=9@-/( M=CA-+WT






PJ&#B

MN\DK;W[)NJ)N(LHEO4_?IM+G_QI:' YZ[Y*20G)DH]\ Y/
MT9\B!%QR
MI%

MMV@7

M-?4YA^^2T2^?G@'?_!';XYT7@

ML.D$EY/IP6]S= G@(A!DT0PW7 3J1Q^^G7+@A3

^I.K%@.&[_L/-7?_W_N<'Z?93
M^S,Y70:GNME -_=]/)VZM'B6*_43,-]<93+<$6_\GW_KNA7YE&*\%CLC=!I
M9LL;Y850;ARF0
WG422U9:8X!


MA1U%:'\1EYSUR%.+$6684II9LO,?75928!,!&-T)_?H\4L,?B^R+G6Q0P4.
MO.*%#-6&(K=D+FN?HD3$%5_ *059YR /**QM/-W%?F8]BR\OX'1QTOAWN8V
M0DH7O!T31

M19&:C[#&%%+-4]IE?@LS5ZV- [_1JJ5.Z22S+.6P/00&0%4
9\E8& B234


0!L7\QCICRH1/RG[=$^X ZJ]AE^L$NJKL[WY9$0?&Y*K\^6NU[]3NE\^







]N@JNS2Y/UOI]0;')Q*:H8JFK

L.9^6MPB/OLVV
M]/^\KYMKO7CZ&YDM)ZAJK]N!9VY]ZUH=MGO8_%BOANI?!$G%A%)=R-8UO23;

5:E]7X$BEN%\\$#C2&4[4.)E7\8)/][L,LYU2'T4YH0P;MDQ
E8VT0[#YYU7WG4?7C;;%(9/KC9+HEO/L&&^[E143=8K*+EMI6D5


4O$
:S/C \P5M16U8CW\!4X16LK1?;#F\HF T7(%U




@PU2

O+:TJB$IL

J[4K5TD



MRA(-E4?D;


MQ3#OXG-O


\^TF7<L=SNVCU/[

M& =!IZAD2)$QM/(QAEK*PZ7\
D0O':N8S4J&'-K7#HQA)%8H7H!\Q&^:I6.5
MNFRVCL L)W&AM:-%T 

MN?
##X]253C6Y-;VA4G*4?_WO2Z;VM;*Y8MSK$R151MAN@#27SJ;!/:&WMJZ




)H5GQMKO^9!JP
7;XQ&Z\H3]A#[AR:9L8X1[!



]!&@O@%C0 3/OM%



EKE&M




96 R_BB<[YG#'TZ7<_$-5-9 &09660/G-;#*
M&BB;-;GR[OI9U,'D6,MCN!N;MV[VIE\5&V'J&VM8JTT4:!F57 :JHY&I%


M!+SZ[

M=PF*UD;;:#$18C\I#

M1JO9JG?^5/_4&V__::@SB6(O#'U;.]CX 87WAA\_X/%@P=Q
\_QREK
&75




!=@]6B&!W+4]NS^


M!L_H#?

M)N)MX3I[8F?DRRA'

1&]('3.
R.$/#;]3=(TWDT*@#=E]6)

M*E$$9Q_&0XP 2GOB




M:.&CQ\ZL[\)
ILQW9K+_U:M:+7&()B[28O3


6S C]R;5U-I*L;8J:DPJJAG2
M4H5/?(4)ID1:M#I1YX9AVK 
ORK)E[MHMACNQZMG+
:
DIKWZPOJ:_GSR*LQ


L=Z251'-



MM2'K^H7L#-!?-6
H/FZO7:UJT9)9/C6$SR,;E[I<\*N)[CQAB+








NPM#?PINSA\#R



A%D)5*9 5/((^)+4UQE*<HM,QQ/X3!P
M!E3&0/KL1TPR96CDF<$V'UI&@?#L17SU@#(06$M4
+#S+IE@:)!I;D11[


\QBZHN 





F.
UQG
#OW8BT+0,6;D #_1
Z! 3JE$\W0Y2+]36TT)2M:U*^A'2J

1PKGSK'DNQ7G?[G6NSJ[3;34TQFJJIM#M]0]$;
MT*):[W8
HWEJSV&


MT@JL\.I

HSPCV/F8?^7%Z0UF9\

&D


:?7^][;_':&Q;!#?_Q5M$7


M0









=V*G/H9)K=HB.37&:7J1P)\%2-:ZL -JRII4DQW?7J6IR





M\]/E7N@SN5MP/


\F+$



ZBFYV3,6X;G25=J-34XS:
MM5$S]%:SU?YYH:5B0;VE]?2V*)-'V:9^9+EIC2$A ^%/:<81UB+PT)%'LL)

HI+C)J7?4'-YN:^H/K1O2+EKJ:K[KGX


\
MT8X?M*5C&O





M%6'I%J\\CBX8MJT;K
N:=AP'WL6#K?=3S%X\PDPK[&MMEZ;W1-N_XUZJJ+


MY%(1!/



20;

M?*]M7]RQ;#O$V-JR*-E

CS:=JD' ]2N\'
M/&#_0^E4(ETV+^5%BRD'6YD2Z85O5=7)&@?PT*J%*
R#*PZB
]K8-5ZG-?


MSV'KD]J'YPL\WS#/GB^MCEJ@7$ZZ(#=WTP *7F2ORDK1UBNQP&+R04)U
6



'W)Q?/6LJCEI
MU^2I=<(PQK,:5.^PA*7-WJO:UENF?%%UK8-,]9*0QZM2!-6:G-^:G%)_+(/H
MTPVYKFU=AZ5<8EYKRJ:VM:O5*.M5:-/+ Q_38!AH:<H#AQNDG@L0L
C7J4[




Q

7-\-X@DF(O<EQ0.=W9

MQO
8.PG$







PLPJP

M27?DP9L;+DC?)M-IJX_8_BL

21IQ((


&EHH!&#FN.T3\#N9WJ*!(

MF$X 4_! M

M.(QW^VWL8


!@[V.2-



M[JZ8S4U2QK4=A@S^;S]8/[8_Y&(8$+WEA+ZAJ8T_O][WWL(2#X&@;OB/MXJ^

M?G;BWS'+[:.NP_)QJIS&^SO^KQO]MJZ:3:5F&BV8]75+:6GMAM(R.[U6I][0
IP
MTH%P')*:J=%CO& P+



N 72\FTQM*8DA/+S


(.B9AP
M48WA( XCPLN%-C@6PF7C1.\
BJ!N'B/_0EC]OKZ_Q*XK4(0*%.$\J56A(U3H

MN$EB'RS/BT%.VVP:L*'#G=B)]PGOB/.^4QCHWYJUVHZ!#

MCXLJI[A)7EH+C;R'*]QNF1\K=7R-LNI0YX?[69)::%O@0)2^%EK)[;BRE\%J
M&0=!N*O


MKA



:S0KOH81KDG.$0;^


M)T/E
SFY\70MU(9



HD/W;0.LL@/5[Y]
!H


EFYL[W0K1TC3#C$;Y9B@L;TQM'/
5ME5G@I0YCR.


M:OZ(I(AY%XUGM#
^?^L

M!


M4_^LO_WGK?Z_C=_-WAQYCCOU=?@LCRLF1M!9
8+^#Q8
G9%-]XMQS?GAM'

M&@U5Z[3Z[3_KN$CZVW^JM:N&\3

MX4'\NF:MT6YT%1WVN&+4.]=*J][I*_UFOUOOM-IZ6VV?TJ^;NLT^?WGH2VKQ


%

M-(($#)C+'_']R/
C!$4
TKL8#FR([08V-
#XV*Q4TD$;TP#XR)FZ\.(C:$\!
MK04\P:8Y6




6C
VD?UG!


\];@2M#8#7UI8@7?652D)N-[&R@R(?QQ+-XMY[);85D8CU:
M#'@87H6-&+?^ICT*KD.7SO@:IO:CT+SF'Q

M^0+F/GKV3) 7]AC=#_NXT-2#*
T26(XK31Q ^(]#V!5\4/LC5P0&SC\[T!3
MYL*7-BPB;, @=H#^L-4\T18\SD*@EX3)O=_S#,._1PE;F)98[T56*!?Q&[R
MRIM?

0GCBB.*@

M]XX-&4A

1S#32Q$

M8AAL%8UB-]7S9:'[99R;+@L=;'#FT1;E79%87F1KH74F715ZPG
EF0Z84Z :

:Q):*)+X

M


QXWAXQ28NJ'P/;G/%
MU(E(



3HM:(-G?.5H
5
MIGZJ&I(U
D;O?
9-




M$#I^IHJ79V3'9^?SF/?YCJQ:D7


M5EK?C;72]EJBP/=N[F\_M:$QXC@%&6(A0:#K6F&87F#

M!MK94+[2ML\^?\+]_SHMQPW/F2






M/!0A( [03X\*_/!C2SX183@6DDN1CZKK#
-H8?_J X5O'S-
;


&Q(FY_YX]4KS@79(6
M=W+.YPS'B
TE]

M:8I)FEZ;12A.8C?I/?E&;*GSA98


PQR1O




EQ:^1U0'@L00)!WSEA@4B?KFZODDP_UQ=9




M@H0S!0N
$Q:G;BK^:941FR@*

MXJ/^@N)?I%GE]B*-CL
D#!*8!0&YY(GT-AJ%Y876D)MFP*9%1 5H@?0GS'WA
MX!'\$^(8&CE!-:$EL\5IBV(5$L&LKU8$EII;A-R=/:
&4LH W*M2]
4@.E



HB G:3DX1
M6J@(*4]^#.CY.207T6PJF3E1H.UG/_C.]1-RHLLY/ZDXW=R$_@3O@#G78S]P
M_LOU_K1Q[)C!IXB



LG+
M*
4&(LJM::?++2.Y*Q;J]ZUGJ'M@ZTPMUIP'5(_76P-+ _PM+@O)=B:3SP




M#HX@YL+LF2^@50@0$+HMS%_Z#0%TZ+ 7ZT6H:!Q:CKYY+][]0^OOC2&-GC


&$

H52?W




M\[D

[FCX6GR
MIV+:4RYW

YX1CO
M _)S27
LR!UN45E'I*SS7\QWX(7H*#H;\1Z\W!=SV1BB?V@EU[CC42@OAHL.
<:R^\(AYIK7SFM&; )^21'

M?V*?P\4DM5DMGBN4)_S[$MB;FM(X?JT(W@*W?S&X^FQE!^'-T8)6AEY.4P




\/SGK0:!8

MV&4./K4!&M30BL
40X5JVRN8$@5TCN* ;R&.&B7R/_F389JO=$Q@FQ=IFR1N




MO?F%?B4;
RMC?&E!0%C
9:=B


7!7


#L![3!

MB 8LB@

AA1;0P?@ZGKHP2N[
ZA;V3-?W

@)S?01.33SUV&(J?LF7RWO*
MP:$*6#TY?S1T





B0=$.1

X'2WI


T0^@;GO#Q7
M+XUIB:\G\VASC

M(E2])AOJZRY



M5YU'
+[!Z.@5;V.LIH\!1DGHJH/Q:RZ%CZ4.*1Z7C



62
*D\+!(F;O[KV&1-$Z8


M$S:TO%EZ/P2R!9@OY%44%V$G[V


M

M:C+AY?&V3D:A5(CR;8O;Q'I)A4%#01QX7$[B_AD[H(T') 3A48$F220BWDD/

$M5


MP7Z5[L= @--JX1T@Z5!B^5$-N;45C@G)!H\U89.F^*;(*



? F-0M0-









V6%G$ZG&^JN

![813UYHED@+(\1G'$K_
M2K$W*$G4HMQ0$&



TP'%YX\/GGF



X





M-+;A&-ZGP#3X44Z0$].%FL)K09%$7'V;?S /6R/!+@X_2)
881N73-!)MEJF
M029:KCO+Z+EB8:C
+FQYTJFPD7@0^1$';A&:'4=62B&$EO!#GAO(6@!]F9!2


EYT].ZM=E
M(9(R6#&:@C/)M8
V'5&9U%3J)?GM2NI; 4R6ES+*(HA8D3\5E!*ZZ/ P@%
MNA[+'L]XB&-XB8X3#BZR\#EY!VBFC8''Y6#)30' Z]Q[Q$K )-)I9-+/$$


M0 P28 *0/MR7R4D 4I1R_.[
V'?L)_ORX66C9/)%*'B\?.KW]5W=RT6KM(

MC/VC^Y:OF!!&KSSCNDNV!W;V9KHU^LFDJIM^$J+CDX&P3[E*%Z1UY:I\7Q'Y

(W[IRA

QE!


DU'M_TE!!L#3MU^2U01)
MFK%Z++8ZUP6@\5DY*HHXH_<'56QAZ^YGO.I4ND2-JQX;0D]SLAN3#Q@!=@*


-



ME:=15$



MD--F.E?
M(N@! H-7D$F!:+HQZ1&)/+73 VD))XK3-
+JXPSE5R1U]Y%IH':
M46E:I[65)RG#+7#HC&
@3\
%C\
!&5'+PX!5]T^2R'\H*JTS)3-S??-5IHQJ







MS-;\@J1&+YK




_464E'6-(RY#8N(ZA(OF2)9=:DQPS4SYL?YI^D%VT%^

1'3;1KA=C-*H%%D%9N
M#IB5^7(F-R^F
0??5&Y7E40 URBD;Q[#



MT^H8_

N
\T


XHPNHP0=B+S!M H[8QPWBJGY;F'D
8I




96M
RZ52]:%Y73Q


A/



;

57WRXK5.2_9

M:'H2)J0 M' H;X+Y

X0WUC3#@VR\P+(/P?^
M
W[\US_36'CTO

M;H9PP:5CUH3U-^!(]VA^+5ZB.PL?OI#AS^](./IZVY4D4*8%09!
213^1Q1%

.T+5FPI8X#MZ[H

T;AZQX95_?GVSJMGO'




M



M'Z

M=ZR$MKT\*C32\28^QJ'\G1?J:UX

M9DEJ'

@/*&]0BID

MO9
VC


M^

(B(]Y?@TV9Z'ZBDR*V-([.RG6M?ZBM./J<6WCRV?[F7TE7HIBGX.7\




MT^!I?[BC*QS;)EF!GK'8^S9#ESL?FA

J^)BVV*^SXL


B\::U.'FCY35'Y#46/3Y*
M X^/KAF'/SX;F#7V89%85A

MEJV+LB$ZIZS[A

M:GMK+4S3[O\W]3&T*-
8
CVAJ$/9I!O+ F7X(
G:[7W5WE?M?;7HOEID06B*


M00P_#(AMN$R%%' UU=:(M..A@+(+^3#3+FJ-Q[!$$ZQ*F$1AG\2
G*J=$XL/
ME.J&?N#'(

M.!
7:.X*R@HO2V2%_6K&)UK:\8]V30O\=*:)2_66R1#)77I8.D#-0'1E/F

R2_4G+TDCFKQ\
_P8

M/'H)01-$AA6T66.Q#@&+=7 #P
Q




&UN




MKOP4(4Q = 5TD.C9[Z



MZJ.F%3FN
7J
PDO;=TAOB!ZC\JIX.CVFZ9=06XFEW9%Z[L@./J9MO$3+/$Y_
M$&0U9& _D\A[))_3\0.);H9W3UXTVV1M?XXFR;%Z7=52A:YB.8(JV89@2HXN



M_6 U=5[5+@16R^2MP\@?E^!2:/VH[7ZT^]'N1ZN9'


M?
+Q8C+HA&/
6-+BJA)LBOHFNP(JJ-U!,?2NH*N2)8I6XYM.-VOTE?EW2]B!9G'P\2



MWMH43N7QC[DLZ1U7E23!U)0.X%[2!
OJF8*C=WNN+'4L672^:HA[=3\G?3G0







X


M!1KS9BYSK5S(H%6JVLI[K5)5!T6BK;S75MZKF2Q9[ R[JO&RF;MH*M?
S-ZT
AA-04VX$L\;JZ=6F69M@.9-ZP
M#@+BI=T F^9;-+F^IXN;@E2.ZK8&5ED;31*$JX1GF5Q$DS2<'<O@9QLTC!
ME!I)@V_)FR




D*TH



M



5AY.2
22:QK'\22#5Y0+H0R07^4EC;C/$59)/ @7J&L(J_*!Y%G6UEO
MC; BY(/-XWMP9K;/=VH6?1B\H5T(BS?Y9?W2S@Y4C=?%XS]2V9QCA?[?8YX




+K2ALMWT;+KRD

M+#%X%AE7FHCK=IH^0WI0[J47$&@#].\$+ZG7T[RE\X;\D$X?OGG66X?$.X



N \L:%7P!/MA]F9 @)H=J2]!11
.0

MS
4U%69?G1&.&Z
M2DN+O)X/A
:2
D;BO;C!]N9.!9:IU99L[Y+8A(/WP
_+_)





CQ
M8C+HA&/\G:H(=A1YP2
9PYW@O):/W'JO^)6-B.K^-_63U^L@3J(4OXQO0#6)






M\=B+7C$B+49



WTHS.:5W2^;A

[H0Q5^![CDI+



B&!I



&%7M7:6N%+QMX


M




M_6CWH]V/.BWLU!)^H^3Y1H60*KRD-D2;WR&$U&B(I7;K$%*#E[:O_](
W]3!
M@ITO0:QN@[':'6EWI-V1=D?JN++-;JA_)A[
6_UBX#_CQW_]
XZ2#W?])S)(







MJS:&]Z





M!AS 'S!$+DKE0UVM6A





MNH8AR8[5M9DQ5-W
&+IG_.QY=U:Z'AJV





'?A+Y;P5EFHN=(4ZSC.)Z8032FE7W/W\V# &'1WQ!SPC ;+#X BZ


XIAFJ#[#B(0*'_@KX/(!/?9\$\\=P8H






D1O\ 33.D)DY\
MCYFK80QFL
8'.R


X&I H9G9^]*2@
M53M;)Z;09J:RAS3V [22 U)FQU38D&M9NI=1Z PA5U;&LKD^APE9D-2[3\)V
M'
N5'

9]MN.O+$7/?J! #+

M^O[/=4B\LFQ]?ZN^04_.+!U473L\]_V5*
%AS3Q9E!Y*PRBEB

M1[:?CJD?[9EPSR'U;M&K

M%7(

MPV4

!#0!PI
3N[2.3[*1QA.!9]=$/FT\0S[RY@XND$]PFFBCU8$OH'

B.F& P^&Q*H\SNXN6']+\MILZ.#!*]: RB.!2P!WB*7G


MBG4L0L

X30&Z?B!1'P^\)C@QY@Z
MHB

MGB

._@7R$O#=AJ&1*&?@0H@'




^GWZX8.#=&AF(IHBF^B8S%$
M.U!6)XTBN'$;0EOJNU]D8WOB6@KL- ++&EIY(X;8#@99_YK8+5K6'!=%JBOK




M_\D&&Q3-M-.\# !W\+9E[W%+ )Y ##^78 * U2 S;6O14N*4 E/LT44%58
H1DOML73\<%I065O5=<QD
Z^@L&



Q
/Z%U7X$#17 =_.KY
MP<?]5'7;1#JS%!#BG8X $(N2K/G-


$-?H_$&A8;4





/$9!G)=Z%

._O81
MH\BCF6Q

M89B=MX7^1?94?B07A*W


%AP V!



ZM'#$+W:@NX(%PWF0RPFF]1UA(



M!

M]'V]3]%L.@S9R._16;$


KX-!;@G&\!5@
ML@7VT. ;S$;*%*;RHM](9HFGU;&GHHB3D

MLZBB(4I5


MS







M/&I9Q8NU&%+VU8@

M
R$6@&]Q&:MS@4\Y#'SM15\A_3^\42

!SSH


CS1XLD^+O Z_]%Y?B6
W5RV:XO%L(]^[5/T?Y06$,:1F&));+V:YK[4UY=YJ]Z+=BSKMQ=J]


MR

MX4PUGU_UTBCPL?995K7-BPFVN.'\
19$8#GT[9&KT9%KV@'[G3SY_5$#8TN4
MQ8=(.X
SU'RVA06


M-RI*^!Y3G/U^.RE6

0VBK9_I54!_;SMRG3=1)3=



M3CS:K 3^Q&9*6OXULHM9TM;\D$L%O4#]+VD;VUJVUGNJ+0W70[@$9X#M?)



$ACE(?)0FL9?L9(JC5)$2P^@
4[').(&

1'A

[5FIF9.W9J9]F0*(*V9:;_8
M:LU


MJ](*66(KD?H4N4DBKTH'J:59&Q E@]=-^;Q!U '$@Y2Q;.U)EZ
KMSO2[DB[


MC.-E*



L5NS9GQ
M%W4@.VI5WE
]UZZY7?/!V4:CF$2AC=.@ ;0_)




MCSHM[-0B?J


M-[2'0WR80.A6_&MC2&O*)=H8TA91%T
ZE^ K;T.ZVOUH]Z/=CW8_ZK2P4VL(


PA!/4P<=2O^


MWMV[7Q5=_8J]ZD5=-K^*[SA_\/
[?_!54G3%

M

D3P1+AP._3[A'E)_-
!G
M_)CS8FX8XL;%U$N*3PW]N _COA(OBCD2X)
?YL[6VF#+^



MHF$?T$RB=]Q#& &&\:DI
6Z:]K/W37A_75FMF'/Y*_OYOO6/K=2G9VH3&S0P
MW&J*@BWQEMK6-#OR&='PC&3-5AOE


/B'6Z ])T


M;+9W8HNR&:/9/


MT VINM(/05T)AUR81O!VM.QM4#7C

M*EJ;*5KJYHJ6=3IMYYRG;A6MHRI:Y8=6QWI;QZIBJU6OWE*OJMAJ-:MC%S=:

1PN-3[]BKM$7
MFFIT33.-:'87?CRP :IC*5W'


M'Z
UQ M(F

&L31XU

M$K5/X@&VS/
VP
B\*![$!%

KI11/YEH:J *XS3R2*Q2?OA)^[W



M&++1L4S'4F37.+KET)Q

VK.



+U!TM(
2:\!Q#)ZS[FJ2[D3NQ==N 57L-!ZF
SF




.H/8D'

M.@Q4JC6(-3W6L^*GN@7WW-XGO$.D^DTPJR738M*2R6
YA)4.'H^+)^ADQ
#P






;EP#B
M
%G!PS.5(0^. (R1H($S:Y=#7[NBP_K!
(N+])?A!#!SS ]4(N+5/QDQ0Q7H2SS5<--TPBUD8.Q8YU])


M




N
]-O.ME]4H_9V(!^!8G=9X+?
IAX&LO^@KI_^&-
M&BG(6^=]T9M7B^
7S@0\ZS#@M=?\2EJW1^


]0/^K+ #XH#




M!OX/Z2=DD/6]O7D %-.\BT




+8HDG?.J1TG


#[E

M+.(-F:V4DG9I*

\%@!/^W@\%]Y 4Q
M9O)0.;<3@BV.ZA^'*JR9'S][<ZM0BPH\P!KEF)('1F$6%GI < ]1[4KB*8
MDFV)CM/M:6XFT\JBE
5
J:IBB(/54'7FMV!%N55+AA
M'*FC=G2Q)\+E(HJ4NA39TJO<]A3H.LI^W92-_#ZGV'V6G: #;!5K$_BF#*(
X;
A



M)/
@)\4E#TEY+3

*NKP68'K4I&WU'![IJAU;%70

M!ZAE-&3(HB!)@K(4\BH4%1EX!CT






IBZ(^5YZ\2TQIN0NP8CUF

P8ZO?Z/G;70]'K.G$_Q(L3XX23NE+$P)D;@X^EQ4J GJ(QG)%(QR?Z-E?A
M^U&@$A56*0KG$(5)/'!&QC@IL5D69P(XCNMZV!#(AF


M+#!#I ;


M!LS6




W0C$4U;W+9I5<1O

M$)?CTEWEQP;J+6:S'A6^X0K? 1H)0YC8
TQ?4DGX7)@VR[*Q%C2J#'-5)&R
M=@7259YRRM


[#)T/-]+J#

MQ88-9\[


^D!O.(0WV!F231








M^I*+$[MHE%K+BPBMG:O3T86$Y1F;5SYG/]FB^5S5[#RQKJX4.TEF6QF(X=+\

_50^U MHE?4F4E]*T+:W(


6[A*'VKJT&B 35

MB3CZJAH3

2TOR*UK4&3


PW;DEL0
4]^
H!KVQ
+2@
M0$GNLU_^I
7XRT Z5+JP:

M'B;*KH953_

)EF8\+M
M.X(PHV_U$50#,+F3=
 E\UV;
I



0
M)HG\(+.L(/&T^/S.C\:!O/OXV8%?CF;5+*X:#! !AO:F/WD6RA-&EV_^4EL.




;A:S2.$C54[2V\C#(MIS$LF(N&


MW




]M0M\^ERGALEXLI#D5*_K;&6H
M!:H,ZHWV#+LP;#6E@P






.FX1%B0U4


MT++IYP46%81O
8%^VUSP9(
2X;A]






M+P=P9\U0TCG+]_-9


MDH%T0(-Q.)DGESI9+YL'A=;R7DK!6$-\6(\O5-2&G+T/IDEX_^1
IZ-H 
6

LB3E

?;)#D*60%EU-=4
M1&$IB2VC#*1=

M

MX.K8=@K!+4?
]CRY9WZ6%B^)CX$K#O&E*/$D
@QS9=M^];7L9LJ57%FEXM





MA2
\5()&]&VN\@Y'@;+Z/B\=[G.(P22F'P0SQLF)MHQDO^.Z'@RYL.%\TT.2

=1I%:!UZFZ]L
M&8+*8\YM;^MCO):1S 2:;/2T6 ^4@GUQ;.LUJ/Y]#)MFC)XCNIQ
MH!/R
RYI#
MN(BF-D#JXM!H:6*GHS^HM6U


-I8KF07]G/Z
MCS8'ZO*SEQT[F#[T5K[RS0'W@2?&6

BGELFY










MK;ZVN/%O&W?^8[H:0*7^3F9!//.@
PD\E&$2 SI=K=Y=7AB.AVN7
0
+N/5P
M[:(_?EN[^1^_900YB3J+G58KZG!%'72(.EQ1QZZ1.@N/3S/J(*Q@'Y0=4B]U
M%I%'K:C#@#J'5Q9?+


M_9.JL%LS@#].QMDJE8MRK0COQCBYV9=82TY^7G:;A#:(.3_F83Z=CM2'P:C_


*A.F3Y
M
HXD&Q^^W!K_(']

M/W__\G!SS.*(PK#3%C$KF4WCW]^]OSE.





DO!E

MP'F)GYT$J6G1)DV:;5Z:@2$K7
_PA?HL&HUFK:5@E
IX(Z@=DO






M
A8=XJIB/K:;YZJF!E
+9BAJS-ENN-ZU\;6;+75=C.QF2UTQ;[O94K?*=DWW




M=!8'W80II\R^]6G0:2!S88NM;^O1\\OLQ9%?&
+#/D[2*Y?=T.IM4@'_E!(9
EE]1%G$6[KNB.W
^)WN


B

D?H7&A \O

VR2M-&

;6!6EPRG

ZCK'


GD0NAZKEI4



O6$C5B[EI+:-M:(B\)
MT!2A84G0B_
WS9]5@Z
N5?I



MJ9D^9['F36V9[),AJTN&ZX\;14LF:-XEG
*DT#$-IGPS7/KBX;KL6\Z[+A


I

%#NJJ*[Y%]N.
VZ5+]

U


Q=99$C#P./4 5$)'T].WK=QE#G@(UOD=[OCB
M!.L\@4(C*$4%L[.D9CJ-!LLX:3=F=?O32?@R4]J&#\ 73[O%);6/E][V)'J)
MC?I9ZP\[$ *^XR+2Z&T^K4-9/AF\R.]]^FBO\DGP33X-XULJ_7RJ\!W2O='H
M.&&VS=3K_+;))F=3P
OD.)
I_ WHH $WNRWR2=B2?W/9$WEAMBT)A1A/%U3

MLV%\X45_P@





M14.^*IU!]^]KS 90HZ6J'#1\  V7?_5UF!AT?G;:1.?#5UX; Y\]G\J9EZRY

!F0$$?_7
7QMD0!'? ZM^M61D@H?PV3-JN
M)P-!$1\I6ROE:\6








M33E=$SZ#$MM-_


F@LPJ4%Y@=(ZXDWYT#L4G7D;QH4VL('.%3X5[E/R+G-4I1Y*K(R@$%S



P!2C5@49^K 2&:5](8K#3
MX]!12W5F#3


M
30@1'-T5HUU&K!1(_=STL&E40ICQU%B[N@SR@W=AH
! IIOTQ3M -9I4D\V


M5^5+B=+CQY(

M]W

6

PE_19
7#&FV)QSJW/![ZKJ9


M8P=[GFWI^($(!];MAN Q70MO'6H)]41DT47*.ZR7@.$&^RD1-+AN@7E&\4
M6J&$5BRBM0 9K8R02#'@MUO\9@X)8T]['+?J)XO
XWWD5: P8$;;'

M5*NJ/=4\R#ANMK.'


O6C$
AMNT :);Y@8L:3L2E;4F8)B
2A,A,1C 4F):D9SX.I4TOH@79/V+W*F&^%8B
M[X#C)C@N2<BP8PDY\^8P!AHN%]N'Z%=L#1@3]MX
*1\T RP3-UY&2(&)'6*

M4$D
FCB8(:N@GUMNP

J0@%44%K
:8!4 T@57#I9R8JI





9ZW


M
V_OH.Z^^EMR


MB['KA@J05X]4V PX@!&ABN)=*G?4IFP;'KV
^ A T71!&/=V% J)[.H09
ME0A6(FZ4Q08/@;IN!%P\^QG)K(RBD$3=0Q/+'1X*C8N%9Q]T@'K!\+ZW?V7
M-B-AEMR +SUW0PU\03W#P'=P


_


UA0015XHR%E5I0ZY#'^I!6TN3BMH;%


KLG+I6?

^
MGS_MEB;J7HE(B/3FTK#P@*T&V


F'S0MKMDCEU*S89RN8T^18YO)#6

M\;I

@35
?H] PX% JA!
B2*J(3ZOHR931*&=43)9!-)0'*)2&;

MMY_47XY?&: Q 5;Z4VU
=H'&%CA


38OL?CWP1H
&G2FU4/-E








M81 4)^F0]QV3WSZ1WSUQ$4C?6\


I:



#&WDKH -O<;YU6\[+Z
M.7




M#UZ=MN:3]+&A



S2!LO]%WT:-6 %CK#KCUQ#9^Z
MMZZV]W_*W5KZB\$E'A/_I HNLAJ[5NCR1L:GS2,FGM_7=V&7XBCVP=K,,=
MSN0VRXE0-\--^E&RQTZ%[+#16W*/H5N1
+'

MAW4^6S!
6P9+^OWF9%K:C/P%K!E5D(H*1F!;&H5PHF&@Z=I4L%?*]GCL1YP$
M/IX]N82IS_8]H;LY*I3M5=
B^^8\8*X#%JE49[(Q:11NP63;92B8Q2;@F2ZI
J *52_;NS/0?/7467DJE#V?T\[2TKULWZZ0$ZYP#X1


/-NR1R6]#NC

V3#_9A%NZS+I:5^H



L+
XCI?C9#


'+6VYM0C

M@[)QH+AP+S_UO--MX9^F@^





9-EUTM+F._D0KM6UDYMN

-P[SEIS&HGU:

*2W5IR\KV&S!XB=./V-5&?:<%*^


MNBWH@4+'7

M#/Y&W-P#B'O/^]3YOU$


M








M_QZ!!)AXSI #U:Y#95![&]+VO0XRSI=6\#AU_9?@QG
H(W8XG
B5[4H!O-Y&
MM4U__8WG%0ULUP\B1N[HV@


UF@Q\I$]/
HPHL9BV:\$C:?$F<<M]:$GQF#612B81.%
M*FA*

UQR:ESU3.]KBC38;BVUGJPE\


M^AZ' =G34_F(E7]&:*Z4C R,RX?X3L)0+],CME 4X0F^;3R2QIIJ-'QBS(
ML^\^X_F.$5B14\NF+MXD#2016G77(TPTAH2)

M$^:!0G0^!IB^;;MR_0P$;*@%U-S'4(#6:T;6






M_?D2IKKO4DS9XV39/+!.'Y:M?@GJE54/ ?D]PIL]]/H?[ Y!IIO.L!90\U]?


M :VZ'YH7-8[WX\R)E@3HQ8_!YLA!9 S-FXH@A2%G1V.70V
6LT4



M3^B9UTV]G\E(9_8.U&C


M4PET C







G@_)%$(W Y

M##K! $W/X?G@T$M$E/5E


MV%:T$M6INC455- ?GVMLFT4M%

1?R.U75)J\LID/4IW$A/6+%[B]EI0_!CX3KZ

NO]V=F'TZ3$:8!YC[U$QJ235I_Q?S-WAU,VIE?=?UQA]GLT_'
MY^_._N?L[/CHA;_ARW^'WYX8]1F
]Z?C]\='40#$^4_Q;92NZ.I%9@;V_'N3






E?&Q22\\ @$X&
VTDVZ%([


M*Z'

MV2


M24F(J.+S?CFEU#;.B[*2RH+B2E2%DOLJF
KWGA6;Z(GS
QS8D.H)HP' N(H8



0%3A$_I(N]D/.Y.JH3A[)EY$
M4M6.67:(KYM?PGP!GC%@G1OAY1-ZT\(_IWI'M*2DI TPG70^CFT4TBIM43B
M@N:379T+R
-YTAMS0-FA235'(B+9J'#UB^1D9W-#BSH92$=FAN9%TA)-^


=MAHU\B+V':M5

M_JQRP:\GG?:5OB*&$:TEVS&;Q]3U7X(;SP'!8H?ZO J$I.TD&UG 68!1&Y_B

N$2IS[K=S

G26H-2*BJ
M#::=\/

M]P&JM?+J5(L&-




MWGB5K*P3KKM'GX5IVJR6L(IU5:/BT:LS?JD07+\29M. 5$7U-==3A&9%PYIX


M8[TNXY:


M

OK
!5Y.*[\\%L56W)- #2G?U(G
@ELQ4W
\9I3^(-EU^$XZ]I


'L58A8;U@%YK3(P%3JZVM-#=3
MNTW#R-N^L;DE+C@C;P$5

W#R[

;2_69Z#Y&
V=X.-?0L2 *DV


M:ML@KFE%(Z1[Q/'IV0YG11M*%8H#!U;4*%IRS








9WVW7E.U#-9?R65E*\01]
M8-'5#CV()1C2JCG-L=]X_0$7VC(#M1]5Q0T=UI81J+E[:5^PX\;,P/WB]X8:
MFE)Z6]%N:VNO\$EO'D990?KEGORD,S)(;$PFQ1+)J(.9 C;%VY61P6!C<HFK
M,D8&@(WI1UEU_# +R&-F\YG98%

MI=I24RT5RF!4V46WCH@5944XN#9QW@PHMUZ7!KJJD5YB]-IDR[49*LK!+7








M+4DO4Z3GY^$=F




MZT^V.8/

M$Y;

ZU7494#NVQM75]O!]KJ4UJV;$1CG(4WB;M@%1O2&V_^:G5'O%E#6N
5

M2/Z*P2A*J1MO4QF3LM$9&Z8_HUS[
M+&/CR/Q!W.\*CVBN-A*)A@=$X1


TZ_]FB

 5*:::M.)EM8@;XYSJ([PIYI_ ICG)/E0+ 5

C'7TOZ5A<\/G'CUM*_('.+.C?Q:W_$FT)%RXVOT74$4##@




M+N) IF4:C.<%4W'J*%M\-4G_KL
\!FMC:;Q^F<JGA

NJ*U4-!EDNLCK$N'N6F69+I0
TQL9EIUS/DI#DK/
MHV[DJ44)CTOEN^G'G6#!6C%;Z;]2L/')'78W&*ZQUG74Y['T587TR52+'FB
M;@E-WUDN3[3U]P'F'^YV IE)@'
/QNFH;6&O__
0&;R0IJ@R9


XC



M
C Q.# V
CA?9&5F+GAM;.U]VY+CN)7@^T3
/^36



M-AO_2P+)SQ=_?/?IAW=_+/WR&


M]1UV5XB^#7P8&O/M%Z5;]CWK\5XZZ/NN(
\CV)=L^.DRWU^S(.3GY
EW/!2&



M1F$2C2A-'- S$MOH=#F'?\/%[%U2V
CWL[[TZ.9S#H1PONUF

6.&D\Y$+J; .3_?Z6WV[ K7S/W
 3(#VZF

2X6L-W'()\F:K9 %/


MM%I1O )Y\C.*8@KS

M?=:+D&B2?E!B]DV?L=I


[N)5UF!^7)^D&Q\&/MDY\I;A2^K'SR+P[3)?;QDF@1

M \E=[+LE(


MCF@-8DP)
@82+-S\YG&F_W1T!:@W4F7FM

\.
MDP_#2Z97]_WR!3:!UL@G)][PW521J
AX3W[WU+;4$MND#YHAB01*;IIJ[:1N

MR_B_8^21)0\82L*^0YZEQDNLA)E9Z


&*R/#LN67HT
MDNHYQ/^



M;[POXQ@#EFPC/\RGCN

M





0AF$=36:WB!*]
M;8KF

M?5
MCZ_)?RO%H/2YE10GM@/_WC9(H^E[/T'[84G]!@$)YTJQ1-11153PE%CV


XX;-X6V\X.DS#T7&T8WO7O-J74=K+VPZ )C9L4@F3U+%;N%;
M6 &GN.W@@#(JJ8%9M!P0R!)O 6:&[T!ZD$%:V=P,N%QF4P,U:3H@F,F.$Y^C
MZG8# L@T;@E<_.<!P$GNMRN8D5?H<_'KW_N J[J=L
!R/DROT:.GI$00ROK

4\%8FOFWCS';8;#
#?L.?]
MS0^^^7.
PL#'[ET8QD=26GW[9@ ?FP_8E]\? C_-FB4ON




*%


M
81#5GT1-@3%3O)4$OS;PVF@9/FES!D-8*L L_-8A2#?92FCVXT47SW#&Z;-
5;$W!-GIEN[0C/S'XC<W#6L+*]-L:A5+J85L34%\B_^OT!5.7HJ5P
MCQXT

M^:6LAPD



M


MFDY6X2'6S*5=;

@
G(J6+DML6XVM


TU$P- 5,#S-.
M@Q'P;84

-U%/)88US+&(YX%+#4)H_5V!LG^E


TU

;?Q:@M

MT]960Y^C%NIB\EBK,G5C*^

M)J1
LC;O


T
2*?C


PV
($FV)HN#Y\K%+396ZNO'0
M3SMCJ$P[Z45A)&^LAJXB3
 TJ'R?[\=W^
(@'4.1#76Q0U*GKGI_(S$.U5%P

4NK%CFI1
U-P)XP%7;J I]5K9!MC^JV
M)J &W:.(2Q1 N]_&#)3?4MT81+$9!0X?@QK%&3N]6B-_!0RNW(#X#MEZ^&:Y
NL\<THZ_H<JHH\P(;[\E'2:X:=G^%
\)V


';88R2*
N:5=!\*R@8S'
M&$DOXJJ6MD;AJ

YX*J&V;'




M]$@VQ*.FE\FB:/FS:



H%D'J*RK+CA)
MXZ^1I[WF7L?9U#3^P^Q!&K'^7#'Z3Z1*EUU 
C\V


M8R9GLF@)J;(DZ3 415.&_BL.5A1MU\P;4ZEMR]L.!FWF9RK#(-B=XK9&4BA@
M@L)'+L^AJ&HZ0I@-65^.5?3I\DB/ER+39 0[
&3OM#WB$-
7'$J-94I=3Q G


=9U!


EA$\[-

F'S4+]E*W!=AS!I1DIG[)T$:.LKFP3/F%

*I\OL67!6




MM84'O+9(B4I/3:E=@HFJ6-:1YW4_B:O52
-C(:S:U6(4JW95;4$0E9XGAY&A
M! 

YQJ?E9WDC:Z]HP'S*O%
MK+27*L5A2;8'V77#N1%?








^8.[E-_15@9#1[9=7!<:GU%




M
*[AR#3!6J8O7=!K1D;0&R6R8PE.2&-$TQY2? \^?$=_#!Q39QHAAYZLO=


M/7.1.
.DJIF1
%.*7

M\88^U=! %:HU9W$V!T0UWBQ-+5@V1T6U1E[-[&-S$%1CU)M)(C8'1?6YZI6&
M





.A1R_S]3\PP_?C\_T**RTB;7B'%VJ?B2:1EOTH 3:


_D1



NWF

6TO'BOJ:4&0P
M;^\S1Q3.Z\9@U=(=1V#



M$.Q0H?6(*R/7**64J8IB-Z0T6J(F*'


& ]

TS71XGM1/:1[YG34CSQ')4L)+C.Z=.EM3SW)<;A:PW?V




*4I5%R




0:SMC2
FN0/+#!
M&7]#MT;]KC09[N%Q')9B'I
*)5L5$=M5:8&-
L/DP(G0]

M/RG\_2:LGD

M0.\

(L56N%
!6 /FSAK/!$'

M65QV]=FHZ:2%CD\PD@
B

GIANKE
:KV1N$HHEJC1(TAH$81TT9F


.5_$W2

M %.J

M$!M

.R]3'BV_!

/CM\^W42
M*NEJ)^8(5E6#3L0AW%;G.#'7;XT*?R()7FU
=B?FY9;9Q





MVC#F:7_J


2Y5'HW:$

M








MMS4!]9

++
MJ:8&J))'JU)C?2I!HTW32JVU/JN@CXTATNVL3S-H2@SAG65]6H$F3-7N..O3


8]*!I


M@W


:S'K'S2PS
I JVYM0
M5SA A^G*!RK*?ALCN4.;K1?L

M/031WW'TF)O*!1CW-]])42\O29A^8NU$K_4-#(26TYW!+.$QATWTS
NODU\I
ML(8KM)5

M_?1ZJP:]KK69%VF0S^KR2$[N7A.3


A &






-7EJ!:E&K!?T0ZKC=\M'+%=U)%%]MG%!I1%?TIHV

^XK58B#Z(L!8XEY:1CGFK**F]%1QZ]AK





$+5^#G$_XQ!

YH3#DU5
4U)P9AA7=SJ7&@EZ?GOAFJ&%W=)D<(FE']E[
M/I0\QYEQHX!1I.IJ&5*+EG(

&_\ LUS9%9?KL

MK!O$#CR9ZLL.Q&03T(C\BX




)<HV\3'S<GU-LFE+N

=.[8P=97:
$TOGR R=18+C XZ2BJ7$26]+
G@0J-/H,(BUC\ /SCF;CL$4K?G7/C$CLC T5K$M @T9#V&&D

^#4GF&QRN^3[NDP<Z(O@DL\

M/*_#-D$Y3JW8
K9EH1G=QC3R#E $<#'6=B &A;)7
MF*1]S!EII%)?V1:E304:@YNM#ZI(U)\Q.

S


/TP1%*W4 \SY+.XG56JEL



WLJ'
XHX$;._PIQ3GR


Z*PY+Y;+V)TQM+W:C1([*QX6
MV[_G;?;$-$6L+$S8[$YIAI=$1#7N-M&&Y &OM-DFW@RQ Z7&9DMS
\3$]ZS-
MMM]F.%9I9

M=$JQ\U!67ODU7_^&;+LQ;
.NRBK;O+^YV)

MTQ7T[

PEEND4/8


M$\


8(OI
M7!3Y4P[TM'H9.N!C\2KE :3Y;^7D?*L71 UTBVE_X.]2$$K_\IZ!\0Q*#OSQ
M_P%02P
$%     @ )($632I.WMA)P0  -\P* !4   !J8G-S+3(P
3@P-C(X

[



_CG'R)WM_?@#\GO7D*XK;?
M\./^/V//GQ&G]#!&E98PV2.-?R/Y-<DLWX ^
EO]U=
AU8E6?2ECX
9^1C$
3I$@K T!
MD;6UHR<B\!=/=OV_B.&V$?HQ5'ZFS
*NDF2$_\C^?7?UIL-PFN
&.0N\-R-
MZ/U4Q2']B9.M1$?__R#P L?,_OQ*R4/0A@%AW #I4)OY&D%7_SGO!+.P^]

MZ

M]J((PZ 7BDE/D'^TG_(^!_\;T4?U0YW8(9HG%OKO^3D'YD2:=H2W\8F-[AY]



M3M&*IFV-6R;%]ZICK;[P#GJT$(?3PC KZ4QB_IP]$(-B/XT!2D[PI\EB

M;9!I%A;G%;SEPLSH/G;USFKCW=!(8B5='7IJXV$&8FY@+-9ZU;ZB%3FY'3*L
M/1\ST3






M^N/)TYBJ4+;DL(ZA-)#!&F':DK[X'TH[=^U#N'%)GQG][
%D[%CL2]^%P1Z&
M\3MV+49_N_S'P=WON!.Z:L3KXK .-DN!KV9JIJA\!#+U9(ZT:
 (I:,$ 1



##BW=OMH_W6G*B]:-7#7'VX
M(@[%V=B:'A
:D0]*1H$/U*P? 39L5-OA0'2V172#CT*JI3+F.;&3B.X*AQ=W







.QF#(E#

M#(??%HE?QK-L1/7@^Q6&L1LAJ_!YJ(B4Z'QG3=*)OC4HAKFF2*3J#(^!:*IF




M:4PI&9I VFB83%]M.L\;35Z:%FMJZBVGV6
DK.-('%?1Q+^UZVIP;MAAT0%D

M' 

M5N(79=%7

MJN=&

M+S7CDJ'4AF;FV'OX
;;T$'




M



I#0Z9V2;

WRV2DR.I!
V'N3HY8A4=






O0;BSK_PM_@]INOE[ER2%Z
4=QS*)%#T?6[QV$2D!1 LHJ-&^


M

M\:



MWD
/EY4GEYXT?'D! 1HPV&R55
M0G1POB!^5AIB)!O9M-\-!4GD(RO-P=I&-
MXM#V(WM#0K#1?=&/?&K7@58P?(9@]P)1B^LD4R/^&ML81AIVG!64B$7OPR

M@UEPQW)6(ULU@KF!K_@!
YRQKEW[R?5(*48T.
''RYWNJ5(GU$Q6J[%49I)J

0O87!X?@$'/\*%


D(ZWRQF*MA7)0#NU
AVA8Q
M4D*P6.\I\6J+.*GJWHYB1JS
9M@B^71GUBS^AHR@\_K&HGOK&E[6.R*NL4AF



]X4.S+;J/LJLQ+M[*H0$VMYLP@
*.GS;0S\R8Q_^H*31
R4W
M?









FAC
M'%


M __3WNW_%R  98X\)%W53Y-BCXA:06/-%T@K=0]B_?)M,X!B0$J.SK.#X@R
M=#^0G6$.#,FH^'9[N]VZ&_2EKMTMHICH$.+S^\@(LCV!KO6Q/E\;43J8H86=
MHDDX68SGJVG.&R!*=8%7K R/)H)$W;\ #RD$;JJ1=%JAB
\_?)+_Y'))]4R



)0?R(XJ2B)A2;OH:





M88!(









M9*;[BNNI!3MX ^/;[:/]QLD&UAL#XY!AADP';9'W.G-Q@


MT2.PCN/0?3K$Y JA.




M



'VSLZCR_^WOE/9J-
M$DVIZ6*\G*2%-8]3BD@&F6A 9 ]=XT.YMRR.&,[;IF(?REUN;HKO8(C_:#]K
MK)LI@=)Y0_!8!G1(.=1GHBV$\57=#;)!3MD&BSKG(6W44/.:6B3V_M( ):_

$U:\*F

^$:@90DWY5X$0-R*JQHFO

M''#I@-MMLCF5;
IF=-:YKV@8'?+L$:X4.%XNK'$V


M3\1$9+
4&00MB0NBX\?&<
M#[?

T0BKZQIVF@1@:!FH*2Y#I51ZWVC@Z&*I&D+ &K,3[ZL/7%
MWKCD3@[.HN'Q@X.CJ*A=(J/&DVD).JD8O4N#73VRY#P:%A=U74
AB/O]2.
M/Z]8]Z@V%






@ &U]<@V(09-)U0DPL/XLH$PB4+J )5ZAD/#PPL+H489PO
MQM,H RZ?%:)9Y:\9T



34S&#+P6


'P*-'D[H6
4
MUW=WAUWN



M-5

T-4X
MMT$T8Q*+'TC]#?9=\@$2.X5:E.H[VIKNBB$RTQ/
=:Q49@I/$YKP;GXF*\5^








MEDLU#')=W!5#G9]I

M


MK

MR=[\GQCD?]/*8F]!*-X60!PF-P9HV;K1&LR%-3/)..GL-%2-O ZBB.P@V@;A




 
NU

KVR%:^90U*+:]N&X$N1VZQEMOH!XW#+








E81N'IA^=F\?:[R'$0Q?882(8KW9A ?;B[)5BB]!
M^#DX/

M(B1B
 !HO:Y4-$ 6 =Q#MB)=^3H=5KT8/ 6\9\*^;.]SJB!JE5 )D%4KOR
M=4* + .I:2U3=L6--B36_43:


MHU]CV%0/Z@H[S_CVKH;-YWT6=,B22*#&T$A&H=?8A8*]QW'R^5D47-MZ &
M%/70OGE!D[:Q32^!.*8K38%H)JQAXC&C 2GXC6?F[0:_AQY?R&&_;M @$3U-

M@)6-])RY[S\(]%!OLK=ZCQ.9SI'A*:R'R_L[D.XQUGVD23:[*WT/J? 9 &!D

MM;%(9_DRKY

M?H1K#\#H$UF\0'V/-GDDJ\(4+IT6ZJY6XDR!3$E*Q(RX%]P ;\. +8F.P?

82S
MT2=

%.*NX@2#3+U3<U=\HJYLBL


_E'

 )IS%L@+?%YPQ]Y;.&/LUU\A3(ULT5

%I#AU$K

F)5U;LTY
\!X





MQ79&R_1T9F-NAS$W 'PC-71R$VKGO%



N4A





PB@_9 R1

M$S)]2O7E?TVHP+QS0+U$B#

[18A?:-0.?#PQZ$2

GX-1Z]^S@P6QH8O+P/[@9\M

MP^8O[BO

Y;E-4KP1O9GLQ0N3M&Z9S1@#;4*2O.1FF$9E
MO0:1T)@UMF;@#*#_+

VBB= &)CG
.NI
MR:5


M\*DXLY%/;)09(Z^XYSO$H$^4G@SVVX0H!?_DQ
!?0D!'].=Q.Q7X?P\49@T2




@.JT=JG







70N[1#?91G=P?#A



F-5[P(;C


^\(4=

M[2

I
3)B]7HT7_3K!5S[('+QDI40OE1X

M


MSPXP
N :(#-\S;8RI-E%I24WM0 B;U@0J73-:N-:WU 12C0

M#R)[7 (5





MQ;-(72;&YZU_=D @U1H@TRM?)8/MX[I3(UJ12@]N5/A%\$*K:I4*NZ7[F7O;
MB2ZP44G)=R


3D(N.11J'E;


JN-UY%Z&0

HM]Y*B6FV[$2G.--2


M+W.G





MH#:$)D

1421F^2_?Y)7Y9H]@ZY
1F
M0#6MGT
(\2^^PMT3K-;7E7ESZ%)\8F:))J4U6\SF23$^*AG8J6A\Y(NF(K!3

O




N:#09(S$EOYK/RL@\




)ER5=HCB

] JL
/D5?FXR-#CJC?@C4&NM


$&6GC
/RJ9M\L94F\=6J4(
MDZ8HL6KG0ML7N:+-*_F1;(;S\Z7BV5U]D[ONEP[%R8#NB XR];*#TO<CV&G

%Z_H

M8MMW7/^9_;UX+PT+!HXE
G4:EJLR
FB5?B(WJ8H3@8)H;4!1YZ[5T=T!0220

F-=)E$6O58


M











)($:4)P6:3QG<NLY*1!I+%^W*_Z+D7\VL$EEX]611RQ7:BR)KB)65;/[(

M*?!#R_ 4NA KW(6PIJ?# E4 M



M@U. _3F!_?C$8)_G?D?0)Z$S#/*?WK_:?P_\^.HO6;VV(!X4B&?NFB4U



)B.V


MN(
+G')+:LE*





0

W^J\%68+HU@22[-U)(B.T8ZAEN_V*Y_'431K?_9
MC?9!1'!VNZ7C0$;_GO_.@ 

M.%A..5A[ZJ@+V1


S(
M$K0$ F

TDN_3\SKT)?+T#ME;Y:X$&%L/
MSQ5!

X.J:R:EHD5%U=
K@B(@&5J1?CKPL0\=.G72HDUNR


A#)\.!X
M@VVN1/OYH3Y#8:D



]YQR
M1#)-!NP8_

]FO=GL;CV\+UP#07^&= ]?-0&A^


MO
VX#W\G




S







05CBU@SGOZ
?3[+5KU&RK1H1I;7PMTI'FU!E0#UOH:04

T.#D(*NB(F#+ED
;X](7_A_M)Z]V:R3S60-P3PP131=KNIK/)US


*LJ
& $

MWZ



M




OUL%F:;DIT/8&XP

A&T;:90V1(
@FVKB45K;O''










M*&3^:








MA6?UP4W0*-YN=U2




M??AJNQZ^BRW%\L%W$+;C%UB-CVG ;L[Y)F@W1%(7N+/E[*9)QII'!P9J5;]$



=Y_A$Q




M4A1_/#I?SLHE\
E?DOM+#SYJA

AWLBNL]%T-J&$.%MT9-99<G7)^7F?QIQ@KS/?)S1
MHSE1]#
&X*QE9FR\MB8PU!E!S3.;]?B)*
MVH7_./@06(L10'A8F<\ODL3YQ^94.OFI^Q



M!?4Z!;ZSE#A-().Q429=%^-Z''XM=&%9K:V-E0*L%6U^@';8Y#H+,H+#'Q


M.BW0%[*_&^C3T)T$Z!^1=F5-/15F



MG]4$S197G




(E8KPGEA0+RPK1!/JW

M
@^M8P]A*D\G9)HSKPB;AG 8 YW:BS]%WM -'KE;*/&$]FK
18^FJS75.\D#

M^Q!N7%I9Q7U^B:OCM58BAKY34=(^X3OVQO/Q
KE:

M^PC$+W8
4 L#GB!X#E%+ QT0!^0$JXO7

M
/8;JDDQ5%0'N-TFMRY&X!:%NL!146 :M)P)V._L;*L? /N%^
TR8B 2@D
M#_V%78Q(2/0!^[L=.C2+4%JYON.^NL[!]K1=YMB22K(['=L$7$%/)0KC0B\%
M_:O:0T&_2FVK'7@?_WV ?L:14IGFU)J4L:AG$-W5!4O4A;ZSGYD@.+7KO539
M=M\0]KC=/KS8(?QD1]!98VK@M=7
5S2US2Q[Q$EUL9PORVUQ@52QU*0)WMGO

YMJ#T31



_1-7E#?Z2YT
M-[SN2?5)37V,BAG)'Q^OEQ4.@IA)@KLL2P]C7PWATI0S$4!(DM?*]O-J1(X






K54%U%FR)#+!NE\T..[DX\,G _DHQSB.SG*
M0+Z8HUHXH!Y\3ZHB4Z?G/!)FA





M6X3K!'UQ?418^* $OIF)U 9CY9X@&!+VR5Q(ST9)IL^$/2 18/4OG@Z1U\



M;3V#U@[

.-NW6A
M\PUOH:^NN-?M6&@E9^A]
6V
%#[N9
U7JRG=+H-3BB@CP'X!$&NV3* -$&








M\?@BLO1N[!--2R%TZ=^VAX8(T1V=VF-^T
(C@V(GURLQK[(89^-]#Y(!.C

M1RDCX.WRG_%U:M!W;L//;D1W:2

M4H% 77S2REKQ%%U-%[
T?:H?2
_I:H-Y1@FSM#4=+\?5
MN9-7LD21,3.@$R;).O*.:@#?7UPTT+WP[@:W+!7;(3[7P'/P ?I
4B?;H

967*'7%C=!M#?=(K@^:KL;PZ.C\48D

G
M0A@?0A]1W

F64YGG3!



[C=^B]

M[6K0S(8WRBTU\
X$&0GOU#JI-)ZWAC=2=QKP;AF7'-[3
8&W=1KPKF9[.WB7

H0F?$8Q/3@+CQRG?


RXXE86RDL4*ULOJY9G

MYCCWB$*PI3#?)3#?IS /
Z4#U_P8

MI/-G




M9A+?AP202-C@'9LC(ZRE$&/V976NR!AGL_N?TC4JT8'AI:!$QQW^Q G\!+
M




6GKO//((D;Y<[2*/51WWPA5Y\&[]Y/[LZA]3-6D:
MT1/9H; Y3@'93ZH*%2MP#E#J6HHU0U1Y6:(ZI

=9?DF+

X+QU/C9R1$

M@6.&S)(;CK


M_=V*?!?R=QHK\XU^;XFVZ5Y.V^H=Y+Z_)6Z?9W[?I:?J4X6(-UG?=9?+W6;'
M#V&%@@&53E%L'36G)&_9\7*R3_R!1TJ^VIOM%UHR;K8I]?%&T19+E8A%?MFW


MG1

8)W%+!F+OX\:+1+?K(MTY

I$$%L=L?

M_#:.=1BA3UD3;
?F%T1;07DS*&L'*OZ=TA=%-
RVOB%#X2&]N1P8*[L)$K)W

M=2/

++
MM




4(PN(GH@[^M_W N7(TUCM*^;BK#8Z2;+

?R32_=

SH
5O;1HNVG/
C,G)C?@ ^\\6F<.
MP%T.  -R;Q_OA'&W[7L4J5M/H7DVX81X6?1=D+S(=
[4@T-9#O1W#DY.#C@

MR]4'C$.WW+KT[N/!XO@P@RT78#BS8XS:\Y+:D-O 8VQP9&TP S!1'R_ U;!3

V^




MG?!L8-\KY@/X3GVD@\O%F;/(8_I
)%THR80B(I7](_E

M2D^MO567C K[W:&&6@2YV.[YFBR7_G7Q;CH/B\@!
**426YAC][M)
%7=K
MMH6=GO=X=/U&3K7$W T(=!&NE.='LWS5? *?)C(_.@1$PI%$./M$]#*?MD


M
)I?=YS$C0*^*:2S5-=


M8''O4*S=;*=D-IDHQ
SL9VIVS


WP?[[ ]Z&48)7=\%CMK5]M_Z2[7=G&X&MWW.D
M6*

^O:!YE[=








(X+PS8=:WM##UC$J-B7C3)9P4:

!*5S+7$TLX

MLPV&P+*=MQ8;2_ELVB'Y.DZ\#;T/_EN
USO_JT=&HKZMKR&2K!G


M^]Q4'W]FPI$3+


U05$TA]C[.JLKE



E9K
&U3J.NE5P^QEL(JJ0U5W9%0W42JRT1&RTI!5


8^ ]13H
7#DXS123.(





.(OEU



[U0;KSI+CL
<=898!$[-
M $I[Y+3@M@?XA?8S99[1X((CZH-TQ8E$/ C_I-$0]#*W4@?N17*;FVQ I^PB








MNF=*6_A

MR2BJNS11Z99%CBJ7R-!8DFG!0I-&4YT1IIK#GTS7K*NUT7V8P-BY6^=O8.
M.
)2151ZW9'3 [#K]G1H*'0-
[

M@'STNC@N




-&/!QY0T'
MO)3&):V'[Z3/[SD-=M<R@LITQH\Y/^=]7+5)1E%FK)Z2KTTWP]BS? R#5E#




M7]$7R3.7X69#9B(L012.X0;32
%YP_ROAP7#78+O^4VL7SWWF;&ML)
('S3.
M92(MI

DE^)@81'(31
MBG !/6)%=SE6D?O#]?GVQV;G)]YGO-GZX3N.T)8T-8G];SAZ#B?VP-PIOFIV




MYI1-D[/

_CZ&;LU1LFGX:FXF5W(2CQ<N_K@.S;IYM\LC6K$, X
MMB0TN\@EGA4I2J17Q]CWR[^%BV4UV]^DRI(OLA:LXT+-3F
]YL;_8E9?B^]

5
OZ,/EFIVY
MERU9JM2,\);52YV?#Y@2XWBWV;(#S-]8Q1U?9'.MV'(JTLEA4V[Q=&I@)$*
/]Q;
M0A$R/;X%][V^A07SQ8Z$7SB.SY?_W)%(CEZ\5[Z%].XMPM)B@&!MYQNOW\
MY-1IXCQK!96;F=%S9Z4?I. '1_PD+G&TN\0\TM7@((:\@G-MQ[[TJ*X@RE(.


MD(#



M*NN*Q&-0%QC&


MVMV:=PW2

%Y/'O)8


M-M#2! !5Z-!;93GQ3
DCKNS.MKC[+=VYZH8#K/"K)W:S(
MW[RUQUS0\,U^0%YR^J'F56 28('';T3CS6[S0+<I_&RZ]6



UE




M_+9HV4XBF-IEHBNN[BZ_6D
&@Q'3RA'#/ I+'7_?N1'I-_[[%R]P@Z5'UPK6


?SC5.HTL(W!%;7OIE $$(
M=OA5G:R9Y1Y=']-RME&XVBV3)R+IG-[?N*2D\9(E(+'5AOL%0X_ANJLL*E




MTL


:)-HK1-


M/EC

FD)I6X@W
MEN^WV'C^8#KW

C3H]G:XR



(:^L;EA:^3P8_
PHH:9


MLX]
QF&RGX)&?(N](J[K?^Y(O$*G51&;&\1WR2N.GE[=(#U ]26
UIC6F+T)
MN)&ZN_0 #?:!]M3-4@#R_


M?F9Z!.Z3A7,P]/[J&_!LZGYVL?'#N+%+&&@ 6?2
\.K2&-G\+$]=OB;TA-
MC.\;@Y@IB^FY
S\Y.
ZJS! UD&#7Q*WR:UQZ;IORJ\N6CS&G5Z]$KV%!KR%7
MFZ^;
G9-EU@3JCI:TV#OC2IO.H=I'[Y0
0*BB^X1\(= =/GJE5'6P? I](
MF(U_-]GXAYCJ8/.=_?E*?'*3=^2T^'H5H$%K%\D \!]PX\\/[%O^4M5OP\X
MP]&[;F)\2Z

MZ^U_B &C9I32.LS](0*SM+:WM


\.;Z--]T.'+OJF2@FH?

P?,.P%.[QP.-W9IO9Q?\V)3[.-F&+A=('NP^<XQ.'
M[Q 611W9'F

M4
\'


0^8F7D(/M%'



MA@=^;KV(/=R_!*-%OFF^UZ&TTK:CQA.=N1KP9S4!W
@8LN2#Q-O@]%@5.!/J



M4SA;4Z8%M+


M[VA!RSI#?@02;$/U%%PH_$I[M9^3[EM=_\31THMY=)M$7A![2[9#U7D]R30-
M[L..3Z\52J'
L39BS#?E2YK-4*X;^

IZS?-Y*&









M%BQ]FA;58 GF1*



M([+\?O/9KVUGIYH^/F$?R87Q*8_C71L59WVEB$5#56)5TX.3'I7
4\])W9



YOL(^3CI)!1M+



1M(QC[SQ/1CY:0)QWTUMW@JY#:-S3V&=*435.3




MPBY_(ZKX;(LW3CBW])=+D'K9*-YE-%+)

8Y574OJC<.^;/EG<K)-VS%O/CXT5V1KS4




[)YA2


MGH._Q






M-
@



M%9K\BL.7R-V^DFFM+\!-][

M=P#H:/+5_ -^6OO$%(\#%NY*TK=9ELUI%)0=^I'

YNAV$BP?)I

M5$H*#%9E5%

!
-O?D5N0
MVN
< O
M.]]EKVRW4?CF=GWN29LUC,$I;5&:[Y31M9N):\WTVJ&2K_G:8BY9BQ3/T]2


MB0BQQ$0I:.(RP0=U*IS\4\*0:SVJ;^W

SK_
MBAZ?[B[_[]_NOEY=/SR2SO?W;S=/_XET3;D5XE/Z $[J*IW<Z.=;?Q*TZD
M+\V5*<R93=-EO/)DP __V47@+I7TC0NG[4=W&BTT<@823]1[^/&#W*TZR+?


 Q






M@YR23_0DB.ZV6Y_M7M(JXEG&2WRWO@T#6NCH)GC#


MQ!E/



T27:!:!RNDQ_T

8J76N$(?6AS-


E[YS*QJA1(

XV1:3OHCT[/CG-;@RGLO@#96&-E2<X35L3?;

VK!#VG

&IA4^EPK2@K_Z)D(_0B?7L-=3&8)#S[0CYO@G%PMPF\YUW<G0LD^ZKQ

M): YDK?3S+Q+#;7%-$S!2R!C

M@.N?M.Q.6XS:\Y)!G'1KHC#;(?


 95TE<A*G:<HQZZG:&L;92WC6C/

ML+H)2&R

KQ)'N%DC;*MAJQ9E+9KU71G


M([O5;LFBK KM?76W
5U/WFY];TGKK/$+ELF/OGH;CV]DN\SG+0]T]NR4QHC
M['Y_/2 #-&'W1#S


MJ()(^W(7T1N3QR[@J0JW(G)5T5AIN?I4FM'J+):V;V 9;WP\.Z'[G&(5KQAC

0J:V$B;A(#VN



B$/8.0& :VS@ME/O#=V3QV*7#I'@:Z/(;XPG2
M

97&< )8\\$'BJC9Y]PN!#
MHQX-5;*-%R=]H&;



T^H9
M@1
<(RC-QQ?\$-8TKU']XHT 4**77D0S6(
M\PS&K,$9.F<'ON.&T[A$):)D[Y*R] 0%6A


6
BCO\MM]K'!59[N.*B/E%ZW




MF
YSKK0N78?AX/3X\)CG-?-=;?2

O
8YRR!6 IRD(0YG)3?M 5KQ2+;J3VJH/F5S!JK2L

MH(NS
V?.1Y94@.'A8HS:\Y+:D*=?QMC@R-I@9. 0]O%\X&C:J0=8V'MY)1'
<9A
M.T)9Z8-5)#+)KF?.VD








MH^&V7-ZN%+ G;51%^I

8H
M7#A.LME;KA01H4^G8[$
\


KP(=Y&AU7+JD$\A]L3@<RNX=&2)2<

%*S79
.K=A









]NA\&AE&8'8$E4![W.)&9C)]KOW$








M.E;*+(A_LDWB[9YX%922 (PLBB1 ZQBN6'\3]CR\6;Q&$H=?L.DRBU)&E*

M5N'
6ORC^/D:IKKO8I+EQBD28) Z


0;:V4=DUI#8M.7(LT1




D\ZDOMJ5T !4 $6U

MN8-O80.2]+*C$TK&D8_
LN2(1%8&$[9;= _[-(O2QN)JR$U.1SY2TZ(CDIG.

M\565A

\

ME%A-6YIN


ASDL*$)=
M/B &_W91YCY
S7F^UC1

M;M;66SL$7*THX;3()AF7;ZV#I@\^U(*=#3FVBLJX2=[;KJ9YNI[TKHHC@]


MWQO2QU

M&N&



4_VBO(#E1S-C9+AAX;)ME6B9%1PKOM9HN'2)BM5_
MSY:0S.I/9I[K

)8!':NTZ4D+

1)S;2G!
_Y$$- '3^.H2Y2
MW_PY4#J-ORO1

M#L#BAV!5CS33E4,G0GMA)7



[#M)XN$7&M/
]Z6Q[R
M9FJ'8OCPO%=0(F;6744WQ'@R2)018_




!?Z&^EI?M80*DNOYCLX^]*D4S%

(26$1:VJ
MKCRET

M3P6^;O-E$#*482TJ0K14DN+B^T@L242O^HQ#&[F %/+C

MY

2^BK6C$
MZ1EQ+&N:6!LJ[PJXM:?Z

UT_?^<+6&K2
MC UG._^H*KOISHSCCI




W:\BB%E='-$5FB1^Q(




+LM+M/U(%;0AS0]O

M)]_


A+0!KY

ML'Q]N:HJB;M]LU%(9(


M+[T;'*;BIN\M-R1Q

M4
$AZ


'G!




M+G]OK-P6]PIEGR!XC$LTTR/;!X'R_:Y6Y3[E$\5^L5UMYCX2\*R^Q5

1VRW)


/S13!E2$H9
MZU&)H9FRHRB&8Z?O*?'ODCG-O+VT9QJI$LX.PN?EO9 S!JBUG.$_=I!*+R]G

_
MZ7)!23659R2OWFH4N\HCVL2



N@8-=1PD4VG07Y:*FE

M25O+S56



M3FRYL/&L



6E;)

C]6:/6SRX[&K7YM4Z5
M!LHZH9=5


M4*UFQ&ZI! U$2LB\;6K: 6'4^-Q$3

IB8*Z*8:

I5X
IJ-#*RI0_FS!+N$A4)XJTY4).:O&:'D*K#=VGH+:[R9D3Y6%+1Y@VK-

MQ^Q3Z%&X


36714?
.IOA3$UVT7/NG:H'IB:XZ D3
;0_1[PR=XA)W;1<O-SX(=ADM#$30.3





;(L;%LV7

OG(SG?N177
MVSM\.*2P_L/R'++LR#-V4M)L4*[6*%TR[\]:ZTBYL
Y[R;N WM:!Y84'. &3


M

)E'(4D#QR4^QH2B1-TFT-

3I
M&7')\A+CD]*&SEQF0U/N4$E\9LNJE=2XTHQMK3M5]0CKO^8;GB2 -KD^EG
+^W@N-RLX#/3@;9XI4D
M-[Y]L]T8J O_:6R;4)ML2WH(-=6J2X'FDKY*<G


&$JZL8
MDS)U7H.!0=$Y:^FYZ4Z-R
G%J!J!J(_H==43
G;0('E('(&L5?M63$I6'WU

TU%C5U!WB=EBC2H?:!!9N*;:ZKDAZVJK
=5 WQDX/N.(J6YGPK)
MR01&)U@9:+8UFJF,3J'?43TM(D9G2%%9#;VN_;JE0P%FGOVC0&2ST)@]'-P

YNTDQ+F
R2E3EOJ%O4C%-$37TH

Q2



M[

-!\KDN7L

35

M- HW;;5TT#;%5EK+KGP^RA.\*I (X\E6


D

M4EQ+)15\




M3L*JH1$'3'L5N\YD=/
4K'ZFF;K5H52A_+!_^<PB^ U_H5N2_HL^]%
MNPYJ%$^CFBF-#23_UG!'925PG_1V(7P[<<T3;-C8Y?!]QJZES?@:6L7POFK
%H\;L\=B%MM\^J;U[RYR7;N( QG2%8+8Z
M+10W5IGO#X?FDI5<J%Y&)95I3ER*E&G99@I(P$J?_V+OB







R2/NV3/ Q A A'






(W;FUP_3LT2( M9HI37]E0.1@&%R_
MZO9PB%%@MYC]^[T-8@Y/0UV)8P_30!&:H!HDW9O?$QMS8G=E'CTSQS3A7J
2:A'5- +U]8!DV<BD16BY;.+
MM^D361S4

U




!9WJL?:8IHO]M&GR@)
M


;.




:N: ^
MK:
\*64&2OOHMR4C=EA9!L!$=_#%F



?MMS'X;
MNL T^VU(\]OH:R&=K+^'-D_W-$AVMYL-LB/\@H@(O-Q4?OG([S3!:D2E%T@:



M_EJ:4

M-Q@Y7ST'!:=D-)':J1T5ZY68=D*0*QBA +4B4E N]]OE9E5==$NO. Z;4.6J




\)_K-M3:[O*DO ?9#C7538VHP!B]B/70T4X
R8^LJ?$$#\-PFF1F3(@LO<2&&Q%<=E7NAFJ:D

M[C)\JDL

(!AKS;S,T/0XZCHTZ8:H6J
MYP-O;$;5M

M67#7. ,D?W]UG_Y(8P.02ILDG^=IGDVV_7BQ-Y

M7HCN_. 1O5AN;*4Q=3?9$$.)-)[GA)S.S:@0UPL'T&)LB6O*([)]CQA-T\49

MB6+T


MR[;8M

V;

AROX0MMZ0]&E3(?[*_@ +] #V)SLN6


MQO4E7E\+[FHD7;M6&((0;*='$9\KJ5!36O!
CKWL6R:45D516$AY^/3M_N#Z



3
-?U.)

8\HC%WB
M4G@'&\Z*+-P5@O\E95=^B/&5::4IK7'Y E%D9MDF@Q_Q=$.RL
/BSC:^0$K

MT;RI


M]KLC2X__6X\;+;WL
[


M(X? .QM@G$6[,ZV-%+7_1BI8
P*:/H4^3;WW:^RR'M[_'0*T^BY'X[\W
M87Y\^7-*^Z\H!3GT7*.G4ZQ-3$/-_E_ME51\KHST.1[4B+SVC_3-73&PJJ









4@YW^Q]BR1L59$)8W,V7I22 6=CW#,
M!Y@\PTV__V:7U8#JKQYY /OIJPCU)W64W( 6N26;I;!%$)'TA.Q_^I8ELE4

MFC0N@#0B+FJ5MG*9


(L]1[
M=NF_'XN&:T7R=)0^[\()$$!@;MK#NUZZ\J Y%'-5!@XY#0EUVI2UUZK9U=
MU#QJ%!]ESY[F3K28
Q6Q+QM*M *%5J[TWM:7EC.&JKV6-X=PU/!89 ;I2@5F

HQES66UH)HDN$WN0\FDW.'#VK_U(A#5F8
HVHJ4U;U^


@B-=654:YC


PJ6)S)2#J:QWA0,D*3 [JIQG4#J#R




B



MUG4!6P7


M'/K%6:9'P*TW#T7_VS+30RSU&P1N\TJOX



M^&B9GK96_KAP[ F]KD]!&GWVC3L6'Y^^SJ%IZ@^TSIM*:]Z;S+Q7IKZ1?1)T
MH


K7[37I0^LXP]



X



0^UQ@VTV[79)&87CU#7ZU+K\B)Q

MPPY[^X+*ARF;\6PLJP'5R?NYE0=AV707I36AO/Z48SOM67F5=D/FF:1&EQ(4
M-S3%C6=;
55EZCVYII*%P!4\\E=NVUFG9FFOWS-(3#4L**=*3E.'V:@6.NS
M@,E



M-K^3$DHB0MIM:LHM:5SV
YK53(5KB?@NR6$MF8A8.HBEZ73[-M6H)+(?UL(:
MIJ&K=X5G5K^KZ+6IBU-3$EN4G%

M



&$@V2(@32!@_YL99%WVZ


]


C:14







MR!PZ



M;TWPV*-

M4XN!RY9AF




BC@MR(M=-SQ8X&L@
%6M2+WXS

MB(]#]ZJ'?
_$T^B;B@-2(QNN-
I
MOH


A]:;+MYL6!720KM1Z
MC@V'70=YL$F^
_GYZ;'@5W6@F:^UZCPQR-O6Y_7U#P[.MN!=)A[*0ILS/4


H%V:]-%2@\
M@1J:')$G@F/(2 '(KJ/2]
4EFV@WX*F.F^:D





'WGP,_#)-8JN9DO5DX<(!YC0[ #84D))I

_NF%I=26JM3L.E$-)22TOL*61Z3^WH!27W:L)9

E-]A,0P80B?IOHB0%TLFN:FNE8#)03




+
<?$[OQ










MH





M('-
H:I/GH\DA4+'?/=1WHB

);+WD2P8LR






EY:BJ
$2W#: :DL7!.S!M
M]?3@YA%9[FU(%GGU*:*6H1)J1(?G&T0.#+ZZ2KC*O(Z10Y0O6!CI9GW(=G0





M.**:HO/K(.=KB#:Q2RQ@83M#?9J3D_7#WB$G=M%R4]$Z
BF0@WZ1ZDKNKTOZ



1.:



4$@:8N:7OJAI7I=UE=-WGN_6&\


OM0NULC.#

O[^X'L$:^(^FE&9&<FND(<V6%2*$&]1M38
M+BB@



-CY+D 0DN2&T9&4U412O$- EN7^ Q2'!]_R






$LP[P-6*





VR:Q;VKA*LSZW%X!(U*\ )@0
M-ESN,\NK7&X=L\N:]@@S$N




RKC%;]%65!BM.


NBIA97

M -
! @ 5                ;?E 0!J8G-S+3(P,3@P-C(X7V-A;YX;6Q0

M
C Q.# V
CA?;&%B+GAM;%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( 2!%DW=R$YX@V0  .NK!P 5                8\( P!J
J8G-S+3(P


